In the days following Gillette's ad campaign promoting a new kind of positive masculinity, there seems to be sides taken by those against and those for its message. "Bullying. Harassment. Is this the best a man can get? It's only by challenging ourselves to do more, that we can get closer to our best. Instead of excuses, we need to make a change. We are taking action at www.thebestmencanbe.org. Join us." If your masculinity is threatened by that message - you're doing masculinity wrong.

As someone who grew up with two older brothers, and was bullied in school - I know a lot about perceived masculinity and the ad nailed so much of it perfectly. This ad doesn't suggest all men are this way, but we know a lot of them are. We see them at work or school, online or in public. Bernice King, daughter of the late civil rights legend Martin Luther King has said "This commercial isn’t anti-male. It’s pro-humanity," and that "it demonstrates that character can step up to change conditions". The excuses for bad behavior (as if anything else is feminine) and the backlash against this ad only reveals the necessity for more just like it. More dialogue with your kids (of any gender), friends, co-workers - whomever wants to listen will only strengthen the cause and help save lives. If you think I'm overstating, I would remind anyone fighting these ideas that the headlines have already been written; male suicide rates and the incel movement are two damning issues that come to mind when I think of the current culture of men. If this ad to help sell razors helps just a handful of boys and men grow up to be the best man he can be, then it was worth the uproar.

As a father to a boy, you have these ideas of how they will be when they're older and what wisdom you're passing down. You also might unknowingly be passing down how you act towards people (them, their mother, sister etc). I know better than I did years ago, months ago, maybe even days. I know I'm not perfect and that I don't have to hide behind masculinity to say otherwise; I will encourage being better.

#Gillette #GilletteAd #metoo #thebestamancanbe #reeldad
