I don’t see why people would be angry over an advert that tells men to be better. ‘Not all men’ obviously but enough men. If there’s one muslim terrorist they’re responsible for the 1/4 of the world’s population. If it’s one black attacker their whole community is going to be judged. Whenever a black person enters the room, you see people clutching their bags, bringing their children closer to them. That’s how they feel. But if there’s LOADS of men. We still have to think about the ones that AREN’T. We get that not all men do, but we’re talking about the ones that do. So if you’re saying ‘not all men’ whenever we talk about these issues, you’re apart of the problem. Let us focus on the issue rather than victimising all men, instead of the actual survivors. What a scary reversal, the ‘men’ turn out to the victims when the whole point was to talk about women, their stories, as well as men. The Gillette advert is paving the way for future awareness about toxic masculinity, what is means to be a man, like ‘not crying, being strong, being a leader’ their not all bad traits but sometimes when you force that upon men who don’t want that to define them as men, we get suicide increases. Also, it brings to light the #metoo movement shedding light about the experiences of so many and how MEN can change, because for so long it’s been women who have had to ‘make sure they don’t walk alone at night, spill their drink if they leave it at the bar alone for too long, not drink too much’ when we should put the blame on the perpetrators. If the only time you talk about men’s issues is when your arguing against women’s stories and problems then I’m guessing it’s not about men, it’s more about silencing women. Feminism and gender equality don’t laugh at other men’s stories ‘why didn’t you fight her/him off, why didn’t you be a MAN’ when they talk about it, it’s other men. ‘Men are trash’ wasn’t made by women it was created by men to their female family members, their mothers, their daughters, their sisters when talking about men, dating, leaving the house alone. It’s all ingrained rape culture. It raises awareness which clearly is needed from the response it’s received.
