#TheBestMenCanBe
I don't use razors - just various types of clippers. This eliminates my need to buy shaving cream or any other related product, sold by Gillette, or any other company for that matter. However, the fact that Gillette put out such a powerful and timely advertisement (watch below if you haven’t already) about the reality of our current society, makes me feel that, well, I have been on the right side of the tracks all along. (But more quietly than my own voice really should be.) Since a small child, I have always been cemented to the idea of social equality. Not because I was forced into that way of thinking through my upbringing, and definitely not because I was influenced by the presence of other men serving as roles models for me. It was not because I live in a society that openly supports this behavior, but simply because I was able to observe how destructive it was. I wanted no parts of that of that way of thinking and living. The toxic aspects of masculinity not only create pain and suffering of women, both mentally and physically, but it also increases the incidence and the degree of violence among men. Ask any man, they’ll agree that male-to-male violence has been a part of their lives, in some way, shape or form, since they were small boys.

This does not mean that all “forms” of masculinity are harmful. If someone watching the ad thinks that is what is implied, they are sadly mistaken. For me, well, I have some attachment to my manhood. I consider my facial hair, not nearly as robust as I wish, a big part of my manly identity. I will help a lady struggling with something heavy or walk her to her car in the dark after she leaves a party that we’ve both attended. I will even offer to go with a single woman who wants to buy a car or even get one repaired to make sure that another man does not try to take advantage of her (because I know this happens). These are some of the everyday things that satisfy what I feel “makes me feel like a man.” I’m sure it’s different for another man, so I am not saying this as a blanket statement.

However, openly resisting the oppressive behaviors that define toxic masculinity is necessary for change to occur.
