Recently, Gillet came out with a short film commenting on toxic masculinity & I have seen numerous people sharing their thoughts & opinions. I have been reading through them all quietly, & to be completely frank, it’s been overwhelming & I still can’t pretend to know anything.
✨
I don’t know what it feels like to be sexually assaulted or raped. I do know, however, numerous women who have been sexually assaulted & raped. Many of whom I have called close friends at one point or another in my short lifetime. & because I am a huge feeler (though you may not realize it at first), I empathize strongly with the women who have been strong enough to share that piece of their story with me. & I am sorry. I am sorry no one stood up for you & I am sorry your voice was silenced. ✨
Hear me out when I say this, though, please. I read an article this morning on Desiring God commenting on this commercial. It said “masculine men lead, protect, initiate, love, sacrifice, work, & worship...” A man can do all this & still be introverted, bashful, caring, hospitable, & kind; not all characteristics associated with “man.” I know enough great men in my life (my dad, my Grampy, old pastors & current leaders in my church, friends even...) who embody what it means to be a good well-rounded man simply because I see them live it out. ✨
Women and Men: We have value. All of us. Maybe this is a blanket statement what will make people roar with opinions far and wide, but I really think we can all do so much better. I think we all need to start listening and stop casting so much judgment. ✨
Women, Feminists, Moms, Sisters: Listen to your men with open ears, your brothers, your friends. Hear them out. Men, Dads, Brothers: Listen to your women with open ears, listen to your sisters, and listen to your friends. ✨
It’s simple. There are things to be gained from both sides of the story. Have you taken a second to really listen? You might be surprised to hear that at the end of the day, that’s all anyone really wants. To be heard, seen, known, and loved.
✨
I’ll go now. Thanks for hearing me out.
✨
#Gillet #toxicmasculinity #thebestmencanbe #webelieve #listen #hearmeout #littlelion #faith
