#LatePost
Had come across Gillette’s latest campaign which showcases “challenging gender stereotypes” by barbershop girls (Narayan sisters) from a village, Banwari Tola in U.P.

Presenting the 360 degrees of the ad campaign, which I had written a while back and leaving it to the audience to decide whether they like it or not!

Gillete has launched a new ad campaign #shavingstereotypes which is conceptualised by Grey India, based on a true story of barbershop girls from a small village, Banwari Tola in U.P. After being on the receiving end of the consequences of the paralytic attack of their father, Dhruv Narayan, Neha (16) and Jyoti (18) defy all the rigid societal norms in the heart of India and continue running the family business of their barber shop. Where girls are usually restricted to the household chores, these sisters set a daring example of gender equality in the ever-developing and progressive India.
This ad comes across as a complete surprise as it is unlike any of the brand’s previous campaigns. The core message of the brand has seen a drastic change from “'the best a man can get' to 'the best men can be' and seems to be like an extension of the global campaign “We believe” #thebestmencanbe, which had created quite a buzz in the advertising industry.

The core objective of the brand is to move from showcasing its’ functional attributes and masculine traits to emotional quotient of what the brand stands for, that is, inspiring the future generation of the men-to-be, with the extension of the global campaign focusing on the core brand message -“the best men can be”.. The ad highlights the story from the perspective of an eight-year-old boy which beautifully summarises the regular happenings of the village where the boy recollects his father’s words that “children always learn from what they see”. The story goes on to show how his innocent mind soaks up the sublime patriarchy still prevailing in such societies when in the final scenes he enters a barber shop with his father only to be surprised to see.. Check the link in bio to know more!

Image Credits: 
Gillette/Youtube/Twitter

#shavingstereotypes #brands #bestcampaigns #gillette
