The best men can be athletes who make a positive impact on people’s lives by being honest about their depression. “When people find out I was a football player, immediately what they assume I’m a big, macho guy, girls falling all over me, getting everything handed to me, and that all I care about is football. And that's not the case.” – Derrick ||“Sometimes when you're a big-time college athlete, people really don't really think of you as a human. In my lowest moments I was sitting in my room alone, thinking to myself like, "Why am I even here? Am I even valued, am I even contributing? I thought if I were to tell coaches the struggles that I was dealing with, that they would definitely not trust me with a lot of responsibility because they felt like I was unstable or too emotional or that I wasn't tough enough or strong enough to suck it up and get thejob done. That's why I was silent about my struggles for so long.” || “It took me a while to put a name to it, to know that this is depression. Probably 70% of the battle was just voicing how I felt, not bottlingmy emotions, not containing it and putting on a mask and pretending like everything is fine and dandy and just trucking along. Being expressive and talking about my inner demons or things that I'm battling was liberating. It was freeing.” ||“Right after I graduated, I had the opportunity to collaborate with the university and share my storyto create awareness for incoming student athletes. I made a video about battling depression and coming out the other side. And the university show sit to incoming student athletes every summer. I found my purpose. And my purpose is to make a positive impact on people's lives, any and everyway that I can. And for me, I'm really passionate about mental health. So any way that I can give back, I try to.” Derrick is one example of #TheBestMenCanBe, and inspired by his courage to face his depression, Gillette is making a donation to Gathering for Justice. We’re committed to helping men drive change that matters. Join us at TheBestMenCanBe.org #LinkinBio
