#Repost @miss_miranda_quinn
• • • • • •
PLEASE READ and SHARE!!!
Ok everyone, I am at a point where myself, and dozens of allies and a few wonderful fellow tattooers  are no longer willing to be silent or complicit in the current atrocious laws being passed regarding women’s health. We collectively agree that this is a blatant attack on women’s health and a danger to every woman. The fact is that no one should be able to say what a human can or cannot do with their body and what is a private matter between them and their healthcare provider. So, we are doing the only thing we can and organizing an effort to help not only women in need of an abortion, but women who have had a child under distress and without help. We are in the process of organizing an event to raise money to fight these laws that blatantly violate separation of church and state, and endanger women all over this country. We are discussing having a tattoo event where the proceeds will be donated. We are still working out details on the best route of action and most useful place to donate the money. We will also have donation boxes for women and children in need of basic necessities. I am asking any tattooers who would like to help to contact me to be involved in the event. We will also be organizing an art show to run congruent with the event where sales of the art will also be donated. Along with all of this we will be encouraging people who can help to sign up to donate time to be an escort for women who are on their own or financially incapable of traveling to obtain their procedure. If you would like to be involved in any way please contact me through Instagram, Facebook or email. Thank you for taking time to read this and I hope we can make a large impact and show that we will not go back to the days of unsafe, illegal abortions and force women and girls to carry out pregnancies caused by rape and incest. We will not be forced to bend to the will of politicians using their power to pass laws based on their individual religious beliefs. Thank you again for reading. More details to come. #mybodymychoice #abortionrights #nomore #metoo #houston #tattoocommunity #fightback #westandwithwomen #girls
