@ahnmur speaks with us.
What is the most important thing about your job?
Communication! Much of what I love about film is being dissolved into a great, inspiring, exciting whole: on a major TV production, my work as a set designer is a piece of a much larger system to deliver a set to camera. I often work closely with the Production Designer (who provides the artistic vision based on collaborations with the director and producers), the Art Director (who manages the logistics, timeline, and budget), the construction and scenic crew (who build, paint, and install a set), and the lighting department. I may also interface with the Special Effects team (who do everything from operable elevator doors to atmospheric ash), the Grips department (like when green screens or technocranes are needed) and Visual Effects team (especially when we're coordinating digitally extended sets). How have the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements influenced your role in the industry?
It may be a result of gaining more experience and consequently working on higher quality productions, but I am optimistic that the most cringe-worthy interactions of my career are behind me. So far, that has certainly been the case, and I actually do feel a lot safer. 
Who is your mentor? 
I was very lucky to work side by side with seasoned set designer Brent McGillivray for many months and still consult him frequently.He has given me so much advice and mentorship both in film and in life, and I am so grateful. Brent has mastered that important harmony between artistry and pragmatism, a concept important not only to set designers but to anyone with a creative endeavor. 
What is the biggest misconception about working in the industry?
That everything we do is on set. I spend most of my time at the production office or in the shop.What advice would you give your younger self?
For the most important moves you'll make in your life and career, no one is going to give you permission. Whether that’s choosing to go into film to begin with or moving across the country to see what’s there. You will grow from the risks you were told not to take, and your best ideas will sound crazy at first. Don't doubt yourself so much.
