A year and a half ago I spoke (well, posted on Facebook, as is the custom) publicly for the first time about the long-term sexual abuse I experienced in my late teens/early twenties. I'd been sitting on "the secret" for over a decade, and by the time I got the nerve to finally open up we were well into the #metoo era and stories like mine were no longer even remotely shocking. They were, and are, more or less routine. I'm embarrassed to admit it, but raising my hand as a sexual abuse survivor/victim (/some other less touchy-feely term I'd love for somebody to coin) felt almost..blase. The great catharsis I'd been expecting for the last twelve years wasn't there. The enlightenment never came. The relief--rooted less in the unburdening of my secret and more in the act of finally just posting it on my own blog instead of trying to professionally publish some perfectly crafted essay--was short-lived. I'm still me. I still live with the same infuriatingly predictable effects of the abuse, and I will for the rest of my life. Time lessens and clarifies, but it doesn't erase.

What I've learned, I think, is that shame manifests slowly and insidiously in a million little ways we can easily overlook. I'm not ashamed of what happened to me, not anymore, but I have let shame stop me from truly being and sharing myself for most of my adult life. I don't know if that's directly because of the abuse or not, but it really doesn't matter either way. I have trouble opening up to people. I don't like talking about myself. I have such an aversion to earnesty almost my entire online presence is comics about farts. Constantly hiding yourself behind humor and cynicism is exhausting and boring, and I'm done with it. I'm 31, I'm alive, and I'm grateful every day that I didn't let what happened to me when I was 17 stop me from being here. It's time to start living like it.

Anyway, here's a picture of me at the apple orchard/organic garden in Montana I worked on this summer. It was the happiest I've been in a very long time, but I didn't post it before because I felt dumb.
