The Hudson Valley Film Commission is dedicated to working with and highlighting female filmmakers, who are also largely underrepresented in Hollywood. According to The Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film, women accounted for just 7% of directors on the top 250 domestic grossing films of 2016. In contrast, 30% of directors filming in the Hudson Valley over the last 3 years have been women. In order for women to thrive on set, we need to ensure that they feel safe and supported. That's why we are strong supporters of the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements. Unfortunately, states like Alabama, Georgia and Louisiana –– which both offer lucrative tax incentives to productions –– are currently threatening the rights of women, including women working on productions there. We are proud to say that the Hudson Valley has been and continues to be a staunch supporter of women's rights. If we want women to have a voice in the film industry, we need to amplify their voices instead of silencing them, and laws like the ones proposed in Alabama, Georgia and Louisiana would do just that.

Recent female directors include Sylvia Caminer, Christina Choe, Laurie Collyer, Sarah Daggar-Nickson, Josephine Decker, Elise Duran, Rebecca Eskreis, Jessica Hester, Myna Joseph, Jennifer Morrison, Anja Murmann, Sarah Pirozek, Jenn Wexler, Eleanor Wilson, and Lauren Wolkstein, among others.

Our sister company, the Woodstock Film Festival has been committed since its inception in 2000 to the audacity and fighting spirit of women throughout the world by featuring outstanding works  by emerging and accomplished women filmmakers. Annual programming and presentation of approximately 40 outstanding narrative and documentary films by emerging and established women directors. The Festival also presents an annual Women in Film panel featuring some of the most inspiring  and renowned female voices in the field. A reception celebrating the works of women directors is held in conjunction with this Spotlight. Past co-presenters have included New York Women in Film & TV and Film Fatales Collective. 
Select particiapants have included Thelma Adams, Alexis Alexanian, Karen Allen, Ellen Barkin, Ra
