#WAMO100 #WAMOBlogs••• What are the main ingredients that bring people together? 
If you guessed, music and food... you are absolutely right! 
Nothing unites the people like a catchy tune and some delicious food. 
Which is the why the #MidniteBBQ event is pure creative genius and #FrontPaigeNews approved! The BBQ launched in 2015, and has been a gathering the people of DC have enjoyed ever since. 
On May 25, 2019 the Midnite BBQ returned for another festival of fun at the Gateway Pavilion on Martin Luther King Jr. Avenue. The BBQ was created to fuse food, culture, and music. Set against the landscape of the national’s capitol. The east coast food festival for millennials. 
BBQ Attendee, Stephanie Pace said, “I just love the culture of DC, and how nobody can stand still when Go- Go music comes on. The vibe was right, and the food was tasty. Shoutout to the food vendors. Loved my fried Oreos.” Some of the food vendors included; DCity Smokehouse, Ivy City Smokehouse, Roaming Rooster, and Two Smooth Dudes. 
Hundreds filled the venue to enjoy the food trucks, listen to the live bands/music, hang out at the bar, shop with vendors, or join the audience to listen to live panel discussions. 
Breaking Bread, Wonder Women, and Fine Trees and Cuisine-were the panels attendees could attend. 
Wonder Women panelist Poe said, “I came. I learned. I listened. I networked. I ministered. I ate. I laughed. I hugged. I shared stories. I created memories. I danced. I supported some dope folks.” The panel discussions targeted different topics such as; women in the workplace, the industry, #MeToo, creatives protecting their creativity, staying true to you, don’t mute DC, voting, abortion, business, and branding. 
The panel was super inspiring. It’s nice to see so many women from different walks, come together and provide heartfelt and insightful information. It was incredible. Poet was incredible. She definitely brought the house down! Every woman on the panel understands that the journey is beautiful, but also difficult. I hope everyone here can leave empowered,” Gia Peppers panelist of Wonder Women. 
Panel attendee Chayla Carter said(read the rest on #FrontPaigeMe website).
