It started when I was 12 and had just the buds of breasts, and one of my father's friends asked me to sit on his knee and when I refused told me I would never be as pretty as my sister anyway. At 14 another man in that community used to bring me presents and tried to get me to sleep with him, and the boyfriend of a houseguest actually got into my bed and only desisted when my older sister attacked him (oh hippie communes). At 18, having moved to the city, I was stalked for weeks and eventually involved the police. The culprit was never caught and I ended up moving house. Taking the train as a young woman I fell asleep and woke to find the soldier next to me trying to get his hand in my trousers. I'd never even kissed a boy. Working lone shifts in a public place from the age of 19 I was subject to everything from the attentions of a married man who asked me my opinions about his kids' music lessons and then invited me to go on a skiing holiday, to a (then) well-known visiting American tv actor suggesting I keep him company for his time in Australia, to a dude in trackpants who demanded I look at his muscles and then tried to bail me up in the kitchen of my workplace. Alone and vulnerable. My boss's reaction to this last was to bring a baseball bat to work and tell me I was free to use it. At 25 I moved to Turkey where the harassment was so bad at one point I left the country to get away from it. I was almost raped in a market - despite always dressing carefully. I was called a prostitute so many times I lost count. In Paris, where I escaped to, I was followed through the metro right to my front door. In public places I have been pushed against walls, groped, spat at when I refused to comply, and had Melbourne taxi drivers take me home at 3 in the morning and suggest I pay them by letting them come in. Working as a low-paid single mum in a chain bakery in Collingwood I had a coworker grab me and try to tongue-kiss me (hi Giles you tosser). In Oman the doctor who came to treat my 5yo daughter for bad chickenpox then pushed me against the wall and felt my breasts. Again, I was alone and defenceless. Cont'd in many comments because I am freakin' furious today.
