@directherbmonet film, BALLET AFTER DARK, will be an official selection of MECCAcon IFF​ this september at DSA Detroit School Of Arts High School​ for the 6th annual MECCAcon Detroit #MECCAconDSA2019​!! filmfreeway.com/meccaconiff/tickets

This short documentary, developed in partnership with Queen Latifah​, Tribeca​, and Procter & Gamble​, tells the story of Tyde-Courtney Edwards​, a young woman who found the strength to survive after a violent attack. Edwards created the Ballet After Dark, LLC.​ to help sexual abuse and domestic violence survivors find healing after trauma through dance therapy.

Brittany "B.Monét" Fennell is a writer/director who graduated from Spelman College with a B.A. in English. She hails from Silver Spring, Maryland and holds an MFA from New York University in Film and Television with a concentration in writing and directing. 
In her films, she poses questions about identity, society, race, and culture. It is vital to her that under-represented people are shown in film, media, and television. 
Her award-winning short film Q.U.E.E.N. has screened at over a dozen of festivals including Cannes Short Film Corner and premiered on Magic Johnson​'s channel ASPiRE. Additionally, she was a runner-up in the First Time Female Filmmakers Contest with Women and Hollywood. 
She was also named the 2017 Horizon Award Winner through Cassian Elwes, Christine Vachon and Lynette Howell - Taylor at the Sundance Film Festival. As well as a recipient of the Adrienne Shelly Foundation grant and a directing fellow for Film Independent's residency program Project Involve. 
Additionally, she is one of the winners for the #NewView Film Competition with Glamour and Girlgaze which champions the voices of female filmmakers. She is also one of the filmmakers in the Tisch Other Showcase that focuses on diverse artists whose voices are underrepresented in the television industry. 
She directed a branded short film entitled She’s Revolutionary on the #MeToo founder Tarana Burke for Levi’s and Girlgaze.
