Ok lovelies this is what 30 years clean and sober looks like! 30 years ago this Queer Visible Femme dropped the game and began unpacking some pretty heavy baggage. And here I gratefully sit today as #PrideMonth2019 kicks off, proud to be a queer, a woman, a Jew and sober. It hasn’t always been easy... I’ve witnessed the demise of good friends who would succumb to their awful addictions. I was even gay bashed in Greenwich Village in early sobriety. My faith was tested many times. As I hit the 20 year mark in sobriety I found new gratitude as there were less friends around from early sobriety or so it seemed. I had changed in some ways but remained the same in other ways, thankfully. I kept on my path, started a new career, enjoyed loving relationships, good things and bad things. The one constant: I was always outspoken about my sobriety and sexual orientation. Then a few years ago I lost my last girlfriend to ovarian cancer. She was only 36, way too young. Less than a year from diagnosis to wasting away and dying... and now I have almost as many years sober as her entire life!  While we loved each other fiercely it was not a healthy relationship.  Even with over 20 years of sobriety I had allowed this. I had forgotten who I was.  I was going to break up with her and finally end the misery for both of us, but then she got her diagnosis. I could not walk away.  Instead I had the most unholy front row seat to that horror show. That was a game changer for me but I stayed sober. After she passed my desire for truth and honesty was keener than ever. NO MORE TURNING AWAY… from who I was, my whole authentic self. I had to live fully and be the person I was seeking. The #womensmarch and #metoo happened. The timing couldn’t have been better.  The “flame that cannot be quelled” rose up in me again. As a society we are in tumultuous times. A bunch of sick hateful events unfolded these past few years that have tested all of us. I am thankful to bear witness to it with sound mind and untethered spirit, with old and new friends who inspire me daily. I am grateful for my queer sober life and for all of you! I couldn’t do it without you. Thank you!!
