#metoo #toronto #southasian #part1 #abusesurvivor #meeto #rapevictim #motherdaughter #feminist #courage #mentalhealth #shame #guilt #gaslighting #art #woke
I understand now why any argument sends me into a panic crazy mood. 
I understand that it stems from my insecurities around experiences I had no control over. Be it from rape, physical abuse, emotional abuse, gas lighting etc... which led me to question myself. Not trust myself cuz I didn’t get myself out of the experiences. I left myself in bad places and I blame myself for leaving myself in them bad places.... so if I see anything even a little close to them bad experiences I get panic crazy and run. I try to leave cuz I don’t trust myself to recognize a bad situation. 
My dad physically and emotionally abused me a lot... a South Asian will say that just how it is. Your parents hit you... just because it ‘normal’ doesn’t mean it’s okay! Now my dad says he never hit me... damn gas lighting! No matter what it’s always there. He puts me down on the regular. I’m happy to say I cut communication with him. 
When I was at my first job at McDonald’s during an overnight shift the manager and one of my co-workers... both male. Encouraged me to drink... I never thought they would do such a thing... but rape happened. And I had to see them for months afterwards, working with them. I was afraid of all males for about a year. I was 17 when it happened. I was so alone because I know everyone would have said it was my fault. And I still know majority of people would say ‘why did you drink at work?’ 🙄 fuck you! Stop blaming the girls and educate the boys! 
Then, I had an abuse marriage. Filled with gas lighting and lies. He choked me while I was holding my baby and denies it ever happened. Also punched a hole in the wall where my head was seconds before. He blamed all his anger on me. His cheating was my fault too 🙄 but I stayed for 10 years. I’m happily divorced now. I’m so happy to be a single mum. My daughter said something to me that just made it all click. She said ‘mum, if your not happy with dad. Leave’ so innocently. In her toddler voice... basically a Boston accent 😅 and she was my catalyst to a better
