What do we dream about now, this generation of us?
As a child, I dreamt of a big house. I had watched too much MTV Cribs, and I wanted bookcases that became revolving doors, walls that also doubled as television screens, and a separate room with a retractable roof and a swimming pool. But more generally, I wanted to be someone that other people saw, that other people viewed doing things. I wanted my job to be visible, my progress to be traceable, my potential to be analyzable, my life to be a book of success and accomplished dreams. Now, I see these past dreams as the foolish uncertainties of an easily manipulated mind. I wish I could convince others the same. And I know many of you, you people out there, are composed of steadfast character and defined will and can see through the veils of temptation that this society throws at us. Because here’s the point: we are the generation that has not learned how to dream for ourselves.
We have dreamt the dreams our parents have wanted us to dream, our society has made us dream, our media has forced us to dream. And in not dreaming for ourselves, we have, in turn, dreamt more selfishly, more lavishly, more wealthily. We are dream omnivores, devouring the meaty substance of dream material that dangles in front of us at every turn. When will I learn to think for myself? When will we learn to do the same?I want my dreams to come true and they are simple dreams, perhaps the same dreams many of us have.
I dream of having a family, of being decent and honest. There was a man who lived down the block from me,. He took care of his mother, who was slowly, slowly dying. He did not dream that dream, and I do not know what dreams he had to give up to be in the reality he had been living in, constantly, for the better part of four years. Our dreams are shaky things, uncertain things. We live in a world where a few things are certain: the existence of love, and the existence of our ability to turn away from love. I want to learn how to value this love over the shaky uncertainty of my own dreams; I want to learn how to hold the door open for other’s dreams.
***
#happiness #life #motivation #photography #inspiration #positivevibes #metoo
