A year ago today I found I was pregnant. I was full of hope that the abuse would stop now that I was carrying his child. 
But really it changed nothing. The pregnancy was his way to gain complete control. He had stopped me from using birth control 3 months before hand because he couldn’t deal with the constant period as my body got used to the injection. He refused to use condoms no matter how much I mentioned it.
Sex wasn’t consensual. I willing let him sexual abuse me because at least he wasn’t hitting me, strangling me, and/or calling me names. I accepted that I bled after sex. I accepted that I no longer looked forward to sex or enjoyed it. I put it down to my depression at the time, but it was because I was being raped.
Next Thursday will be the 1 year anniversary of when he tried to kill me by strangulation because I talked about suicide, as I saw no other way out of the endless torment he was putting me through. I’m not sure how to feel about it. Whether to be happy I survived and have a healthy daughter or cry at the fact that the first man I fell in love with attempted to murder me while telling me he loved me. 
When I left him I had to leave everything behind. I had to give up the dream of marrying the person I loved because I knew he didn’t really love me. I had to give up the idea that my daughter would have a kind father. I had to accept that I was going to become a single mum. I had to give up my job, the home I had built and face the prospect of being homeless and pregnant. 
A year on I have rebuilt my life with the help of my family. Now I have a home, I have a healthy baby girl, I have finished my degree, and most of all I have my freedom 
Today is Father’s Day. My daughter has no father, and I refuse to let him know her as he does not deserve her, instead I’m choosing to mark it as my second Mother’s Day. After everything I’ve faced to bring my daughter into this world, everything I’ve done to keep me and her safe, and how I’m rebuilding our lives alone with my own two hands I think it’s what I deserve.
.
#proudtobefemale #metoo @refugecharity #domesticabuse #mumlife #blog #mumblog #mystory #selfie #refuge #abuse #fathersday #secondmothersday
