I was going to stay quiet...until I read this. 
Two years ago I was in such a dark, lonely place. I made a decision that forever changed my life...and my family's. I had recently shared a dark secret with my parents that had shaped me from the age of 19 on. I had such a wonderful upbringing. But one night "ruined" my life..at the young age of 19.
Two years ago I came face to face with that secret and had to share before it killed me. And it almost did. On May 31, 2017 I made a choice. I made a choice to save myself...or so I thought. But it ended up being a ER physician and RN that did...well they did physically. Mentally-- I was dead. But because of the amazing family and friends that stuck beside me in that awful time, I am still here.  You pushed me when my soul was empty. 
The next week I walked into a therapist's office and began dealing with my past traumas. I worked so hard..because the people that loved me deserved that. But after awhile I learned that actually I deserved that. The man that ruined me at 19 no longer had power over me.  Two years later I stand tall knowing that only I control myself...no one else. I am closer to my family than I have ever been. Depression, anxiety and PTSD DO NOT MAKE ME who I am.  I am a daughter, sister, friend, nurse and my all time favorite...auntie mermaid.  I still fight daily with feelings that I have learned all humans deal with.  I have risen from the ashes like a Phoenix and will continue to be a fighter. My rock bottom pushed me (when I didn't want to be) into something so amazing. There is a end to the pain. There are people that care. So many suffer in silence and embarrassment.  I still do at times...but I have found my tribe. There really are people that dont believe mental health issues make you crazy or unlovable. I hope so bad that my story will help one person. I know the feeling of heartbreak and unbearable pain. I will hold your hand if you need one. We are in this thing called life together. #metoo #semicolon #recoveryisreal #ptsd #mdd #anxiety #love #thereishope 💞🧜‍♀️
