Inspired by the realization that the words came at me from a person who created distance for their own comfort and hurt me to keep their power position. And I ache, for myself, and for the person within still filled with ignorance and hate when instead we can love, not fight. “Just jump to the other side,” I think. “Just leap over to this side of understanding and it will all be alright. I will be fine. In fact, I want nothing from you right now if I can get your trust in me.” It’s sad what little we will settle for in a desperate attempt to get the crumbs of what more we actually deserve. It’s amazing how much strength we find in ourselves to educate those who add to our burden by not believing us. Why make it miserable for us? Power? You do not need to exert power over me. To tell you of something so personal and to come to you shows a power that is truer than that taken by force - it is powered by will and love. Only I can give this love, and it is only love that can help me. I refuse to believe someone actually wants to inflict that level of pain on someone else, and instead they are being controlled by their own denial, and other justifications. I don’t think they want to see how much it hurts, so they can’t. It is the loneliest place in the human experience. Believe me. Believe us. I once had a man say to me after finding out about a lie that was told to him about a subsequent assault, and he said he remembered “very clearly my anger and regret at not believing you. And my apology. What else is it you feel I need to apologize for?” I almost vomited from the pain. “For the years I was invisible and had to live with your doubt, too.” I couldn’t say it. HE WAS MAD I DID NOT BELIEVE HIM. For years he didn’t believe me and thought that in 1 canned sentence said on 1 night it would erase years of having to tame my anger just to talk to him about it. I had to do the work so he could be comfortable in the conversation about MY body. To those who need to hear it - I see you. I believe you. I believe you’re in exactly as much pain as you say you are.
#rapeculture #metoo #poetry #freeassociation #writing
