Last week  I went to sit in the park at a table, it was packed because it was warm out. A white woman passes tables and tables fully of white people, endless empty chairs without a table and comes to my table that had one extra chair. She asks if I minded if she sits at this tinyass table with me - before  I answer her boney ass is in the chair. Less then 2 minutes later she says “im sorry do you mind if my friends sit here too?” Again before  I answer her friends pop out of nowhere and are standing behind me waiting for me to get up and offer my seat to them.
I would love to tell you that this story ends with me kicking her ass or telling her off or whatever else people think  I should have done that ultimately will only result in me being labeled as an “aggressive Black woman”.
But  I didn’t do any of that.  I walked away.
The emotional energy  I would have had to expend on her and that situation wasn’t worth the chair.
Even just telling this story rn. Too much energy.
Y’all are fuckin vampires.
And there is not nearly enough talk about how violent white women are. That most of the white people that we can expect to call the cops on Black people this summer are white women. That white women can be even more aggressive then CIS men when it comes to touching out bodies without consent especially in the summer. And that white women are hugely responsible for not only white supremacy as a hole but also all the horrible parts of this country that they like to complain and cry about. Like all the white women on my abortion post a week ago that  I had to block for trying to equalize reproductive oppression/autonomy. Never forget that a white woman lying about rape is the reason Black Wallstreet was bombed, thousands killed, and tens of thousands were left homeless and because of the Tulsa Race Riot we have never been able to build something like that ever again.
A white woman did that.
Im honestly done hearing about your abortion Karen.
If y’all are not talking about race and how reproductive rights have always been used as a tool of white supremacy to harm Black people then y’all are not talkin about anything at all.
