Dear friends, 
The doctors had me so tranquilized on the Maximum Dose of Valium (enough to tranquilize a small🐄 or elephant 🐘/ 40mg) for over a decade that I became nearly catatonic and unable to move. I went from being a dancer, actress, model and artist to an dead, overweight, immobile zombie in a walking coma. All of the light and creativity went out within me for over ten years. I was unable to do Anything. They continually upped my dose over the years to keep me sedated in order to keep anxiety & panic attacks away which was the result of brutal childhood trauma. However, they killed me more & more with every dose of that poison ☠️ drug until one day I actually stopped breathing due to the mixture of a prescribed Opiate (Hydrocodone) mixed with the Benzo (Valium). I somehow came back and I am here now to try & help anyone from suffering as badly as I did.  Benzos when used over time actually backfire & end up giving a person MORE anxiety, PTSD and stress because the drug creates MORE nerve receptors in the body thus making one MORE NERVOUS (according to the Doctor I saw in the ER when I hit full blown benzo WD). Doctors don’t tell you that the benzo could very easily destroy your life or be a gateway drug for many other addictions. They try and use it to treat anxiety, insomnia, neck/back injuries & alcoholism to name a few, however it is probably one of the single MOST deadly and addictive drugs know to man. I am on day 178 in benzo withdrawal suffering an iatrogenic brain injury from the benzo and want to be a voice of hope for anyone out there experiencing the horror of Tolerance Withdrawal or being in that walking coma/chronic pain that I was in. Above any other drug that I have encountered, including Opiates, I am convinced that benzos are the most Evil and Sinister drug known to mankind. I am so sorry to anyone who’s doctor has given them this poison & have experienced so many things go down hill. But I am here to try & give you hope and let you know that there IS life after benzodiazepines. You WILL be able to move again. And life WILL be better. You will NOT be tranquilized forever. Please hang in there friends. You’re not alone. 💙
#benzowithdra
