Once I watched a leaf falling, there were others but I focused on one at a time. I noticed that it just fell softly, easily, gracefully. It had no care at all, it was confident, lovely, perfect. It was like it just let go and said, "See ya tree, it's been great".
It seemed like it didn't matter to the leaf where it might land. The pace of the fall didn't change, still slow and steady, falling this way and that, finally landing in the river. The leaf cared nothing of the cold crispness of the water. I saw no twinge of regret.. The leaf was comfortable with the ride it was on. It didn't seem to care where it might end up, it was happily dancing on the water, going with the natural flow.  I love driftwood. I collect it. I always look for it when I have the chance. I realize it is silly to collect so many things, yet I can't seem to stop.  I see the perfect piece. I want it but have no idea why sometimes.  As I look around at my ever growing collection, I notice that my most prized pieces are weathered from water, sun and age. Most have knots and scars on them, signifying that it had to let a lot of pieces of itself go. I mean, it used to be a branch on a tree, something happened and it's no longer attached.  The knots may be large and as it floats down the river it gets caught up on things, a rock perhaps...now it's stuck there until the water rots it away, or the wind pushes it free or maybe even the current... But all the while it is being smoothed and becomes softer by the water.
Eventually, the wind, the water and the rock will free the branch and it will wash to shore. Someone super lucky will find it and cherish it forever.  I once longed to be the leaf. 
Carefree. Unafraid of anything. Giving no thought to what is next, just relaxing into the cool ride of life.  I am gratefully the driftwood. 
I got stuck. The wind, the push of the current set me free.  I may not be the leaf but I have learned from it and am enjoying this ride, freely floating.  I am grateful for my keen eye for unique, weathered and knotted driftwood. I'm grateful I cherish such things.
Because in the search, I was lucky enough to find myself. -my journal entry 8/18. 💖 #metoo
