A background to my collecting of plants (part V)

In which my balcony wasn't enough and I crossed the Amazonas to a place called Betania in Pucallpa to live with a family of shipibo-conibo shamans and had to #metoo that whole experience. A man told me it was totally safe and that's how I learned men don't experience other men the way women can.

A plane there from Lima and then a noisy boat for about 2hours to the community of Betania. To live with ppl that prepared medicine from what grows around them. Europeans and white southamericans stayed there dieting different plants sometimes for months. I went there for a week. Picture nr 2 is where I slept. And where one of the sons of the master shaman came to me after taking the picture of the angel trumpet. There was no internet or electricity but I had been fasting for 4days, working hard and was super tired- I guess it was close to midnight. He wouldn't go away and I ended up as afraid as I ever been really. If I screamed none would hear me (it had rained so that the shallowest was about 20cm), he would easily strangle me and throw me in the river and none would be looking for me for at least 4more days. But something protected me. Another girl wasn't as lucky that same night and we had each other and left together. But first I had my saying to each and everyone there. Those in charge tried blaming us first and then apologized. Other men victime blamed us.I know now that I was just a crazy girl exaggerating- the creepy guy is still there. You go to the police: they laugh at you (i wasn't even hurt). If you get raped in the jungle chances are your raper finds you and kills you before you go to the police. So my innocence was killed there. We re definitely not equal. I probably couldn't kill him with one hand.

But another witch found me. An old beautiful friend now practicing magic with her husband. And she said "you come here I'll cure you. I will take care of you." And she did. In a village in Ecuador, up the mountains. She did beautiful things to me, showed me amazing places. Find her @xime_casadelsol 
#serpientecosmica #cosmicserpent #casadelsol #witches #sham
