This morning I experienced sexual assault; not for the first time in my life, but it will be the last. I awoke this morning in my friend's cousin's camper to someone tucking me in with a blanket repeatedly, which turned to groping that progressively pushed boundaries of extreme grossness. You may not know this, but my earliest memories are of experiencing abusive sexual exposure, experiences that spanned the course of more than half a decade. I laid this morning paralyzed like I was that 5 year old boy again as this man groped his way around for an extremely uncomfortable half hour, all the while thinking I was asleep. Not knowing if things would turn violent if I "woke up," I turned away 3 times until flat on my stomach to deter him, but that only left other areas for him to start violating. He thankfully ended his reign of terror short of penetration, which was a hard line in my head to wake up and physically fight back. I'm not sharing this for people to reach out to me; please don't, I have survived worse and will be ok. I've also disabled comments because I'm not looking for pity either. I won't be pressing charges, because I know other People Living with HIV who have been sexually assaulted/raped and have been charged with not disclosing their status to their attacker/rapist. Please read that last sentence again. I refuse to open up that can of worms with a surely homophobic police force of the rural county I was in. If you'd like to support me and others, you can share this post, you can believe survivors of SA when they say they have been assaulted/raped, you can call out people who enable the rape culture of this country and many places in the rest of the world, you can reflect on your own actions and words that may have transpired in your past to perpetuate the epidemic of SA and do better, and you can read the article I wrote about my early life experiences with SA & the early days of my HIV advocacy. I'll include the text of the link here and post it in my bio for some time. Krav Maga self-defense classes here I come... http://www.hivhereandnow.com/blog/a-tail-of-two-kitties-how-hiv-woke-me-up-to-live/

#metoo #stopsexualassault #hivawareness #hiv
