September 2016 I started counselling to help me deal with my trauma and mental health issues that my childhood sexual abuse caused me. It has been the hardest journey I have ever gone on. It was so incredibly painful, it was so incredibly draining, it was so incredibly worth it. I wouldn't be on the other side without the counsellor I was blessed to have. She taught me so much about trauma and my abuse, about emotions and life. She let me learn at my own speed, some time that was painfully slow and some times it was painfully fast.  She lead me through powerful emotions and memories. She made me believe in myself and I believed her. She told me I was brilliant, and I never questioned her.  She has helped me to become the strong women I am today, becuase she never questioned that I am a strong women.

My scars will never go away, but at least now I have the tools and capacity to handle the scars when they hurt. I am okay, actually I am better then Okay! I am living life, awake. I am learning how amazing life is and that yes, I'm broken, but there is gold in those cracks now! 
These where given to my by my counsellor last night as we finished our last session. Faith, strength and patience. These are the worlds she sees in me. These are at my core in her eyes. And I couldn't be prouder that she believe these to be me. I know I'm strong, no one can tell me differently. I have faith, real true faith. But patience? That's not a word I would have used.  But I see it. My entire life I have had to have patience. Waiting till it was safe to come out with my story, patience with family members and friends as they formed their own opinions, patience with the legal system and how messy that is. And patience with myself, so much patience with my once broken self.

I have been so insanely blessed with the village around me. The best counsellor in the world. Supportive friends and family. Amazing kids who love their mama deeply. And, most incredible, a husband who some how always understood, who some how always said the right thing, who some how always knew just how hard to squeeze me when I'd have an attack. 
I am broken, but I am blessed and I am happy!
