This months book suggestion:
"The mask of masculinity" by Lewis Howes

This book was such an eye opener for me.. It is so interesting to learn about all the struggles that men face. I think we go through this life with blinders on at times and only see the stresses that our own sex can face or we fall into these old matriarch and patriarchal norms. 
I feel I have such a better understanding of the masks men wear to fit in, to be considered tough, to be called "a man", and truth is we should be looking at each other as human beings. 
If I have learned anything about being a mother it is that we have the opportunity to shape a great human being and launch them into this world as best we can and hope that they will be a good person to others. Even my own experiences with awful men has made me a better mother...because "hells to the no" will I allow my son to treat any woman terribly. I know I can't fully control the person he will turn into but it is a fact if you are loved as a child, you will be more likely to show love. 
It must be difficult to grow up at a time where kids are pressured by everything they see whether it be on Insta or TV to what you hear in music to know what being a good man really is. We are overstimulated by photos and an idea of what perfection is. 
Let's teach our kids to question everything..to not follow the norms, that it is ok to cry and have feelings, to treat everyone with respect..to love and hug and kiss them and tell them they are not a bad boy or girl when they get in trouble at school. That they don't have to have a girlfriend/boyfriend or have sex to be cool or accepted.  That they don't need to lie to get what they want and that they can come to us with anything and we won't overreact. That we will still love them if they don't do everything we think they should or be the best at throwing a ball. Let's love our kids for who they are not what WE want them to be...that is the best thing we can do to help them grow into decent adults. 
#maskswewear #love #kindness #books #lewishowes #metoo #kids #ourboys #motherhood #raisingawareness
