I was born and raised in the San Francisco Bay Area. My mom’s family has been in the Bay Area for generations actually - in San Bruno. She even attended Lowell High School. So, my roots here are deep. The Bay Area is and always will be my home. This is a why becoming a sexual assault counselor in my community was so important to me. But to witness how poorly we treat survivors of sexual violence means I can’t just sit back and do nothing. I want you to know what I know so we can take action together and build community.
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
Here’s the topline news you need to know about #SF’s response to sexual assault:
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
1. Survivors are still being treated like s*** by police officers, SVU investigators, and officials in the D.A.’s Office who don’t fully understand trauma from sexual violence and the need to be trauma sensitive. (See @missionlocal article that just came out today).
2. Survivors are not getting their police reports within 5 days, which is the law, and keeps them from filing restraining orders. Police are literally putting survivors in danger. Survivors and their advocates at Bay Area Legal Aid are now suing #SFPD. (See recent @sfexaminer articles).
3. A couple weeks ago a San Francisco jury found a man guilty for sexual assaulting sex workers in the Mission. This comes on the heels of SB-233, sponsored by @scott_wiener, which seeks to protect sex workers who come forward as witnesses/victims/survivors of sexual assault from arrest. This is currently moving through the state legislature.
4. The Office of Sexual Harassment and Assault Response and Prevention (see my website for more in-depth description) was created last September as a local watch dog for survivors and is not up and running yet. Although some folks fear it won’t have enough legal power to hold law enforcement agencies accountable to survivors.
⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀
SF is not the only city with these problems. Just because there is a Sexual Assault Response Team doesn’t mean everything is trauma sensitive and survivor-centered. This is the goal of my work: to focus on the local, to focus on improving Sexual Assault Response Teams.
