I've been listening to a great podcast about The People's Temple called "Transmissions From Jonestown." It's a great mix of actual recordings from Jonestown and insightful contextual reporting. This great series has inspired me to make a list of the activities Jim Jones and The Peoples Temple participated in that eventually lead to their ultimate demise. The list is as follows;

1. Increased Drug use.
2. Increasing threats of violence.
3. Psychic Claims (mind reading claims.)
4. Supernatural Delusions.
5. Getting Collateral (collecting evidence of real or imagined crimes for later use.)
6. Blackmail.
7. Taking Advantage of mostly poor blacks while shutting them out of leadership roles in the PT.
8. False Claims of Global Influence and ties with other communist nations.
9. Forced Labor.
10. Surveillance.
11. Surveillance used to deceive people into believing nonsense.
12. Old Man Obsessed with sex (dirty old man/woman syndrome.)
13. False Rumors of CIA/MK ULTRA ties possibly planted by the PT.
14. Harassment as a cornerstone.
15. Slave Like Devotion Demanded From Followers.
16. Broadcasting Audio from loudspeakers making the noise unavoidable to anyone on the property.
17. Claims of use of Low Frequency Radiation for the purposes of mind control. (IE electromagnetic type Bs.)
18. Manipulating members to fear a false threat created by Jones himself.
19. Stalking.

If any of these things sound familiar, then that can't be a good sign to say the least. All of these activities have been verified and corroborated by police reports, FBI investigations, and former members. If we do not remember the past, then you are doomed to repeat it.

A quick word about the pictures above. Most people in the PT did not actually die in that position. Officials actually came in later and staged their bodies that way (with their buttocks facing upwards). Then and only then did they allow reporters to come in and take pictures. #symbolism #weirdbuttrue #didyougetthat #wheretheydothatat

#gangstalkingismiraclespringwater #drinkup #koolaid #cults #transmissions #radiojonestown #didyougetthat #subs #thesehoesdowhatevertheytellem #facts #signmeup #realsmart #metoo #niggaplease #hihaters
