As a small child, I was shamed into silence in an effort to conceal the crimes of those who would abuse, abandon and neglect me.  Asking for help has never come easy for me as an adult. As a child asking for help seemed to always fall on deaf ears. I pondered on the idea of asking for help in completing a project that goes directly against “The Code of Silence” in the African American Community. I could hear that faint voice, “ What goes on in this house stays in this house.” So I mustered up the courage to stick with the facts. The facts cannot be disputed, disregarded, dismissed and/or demeaned. They are merely the facts. And the fact remains that  African American women like myself have been the gatekeeper’s for childhood abuse, molestation, incest and rape in our communities. We have worn the pain of our Great-Great Grandmother’s, Grandmother’s for generations to come before us. We have been paralyzed by the guilt, shame and vague remorse of the very people who were supposed to protect us. 
Sixty percent of black girls have experienced sexual abuse at the hands of black men before reaching the age of 18, according to an ongoing study conducted by Black Women’s Blueprint. 
This code of silence has left us sacrificing our mental and emotional well-being let alone destroying generations of black girls and women to primarily to protect their assailants, who are most often a family member and/or family friend. 
While acting as human shields for our dirty little family secrets, we have left our children vulnerable. Those who suffer childhood abuse or trauma often grow to distrust others, having been betrayed by the very adults who were supposed to teach, nurture and protect them. This leads me to my reasoning for writing this request. 
I have been provided with an amazing opportunity to co-author my biopic with renown author Craig D. Samuels. Craig is the author of the book- My Mother’s Guilt, My Father’s Sin: The Death of Innocence- which is available on Amazon in both hard copy and eBook formats. 
Because as a society we have not yet taken the issue of childhood sexual abuse and assault seriously. Please click the link in my bio to support.
