TW: rape.
As a teenager, one of the ways I rationalised things that happened to me without my consent was to consider the statistics: if my mother had a 50/50 chance of conceiving a brittle-boned baby, why not let that baby be me? If one in four adults experience mental illness, why not let that one be me? If one in a billion scoliosis fusion patients contracted compartment syndrome, why not me? I was equipped to deal with it. I was supported. So let it be me! And let my brother be healthy, and three in four people be sane.

But that’s not how statistics work. You can’t look around your friendship group & say, this is the gay one, this is the mad one, this is the one with the breast cancer gene. You can’t say, if one in five women are raped, then at least I’ve saved four of my friends the trouble.

One of the really shit things about becoming a woman is knowing that the older you get, the more of your friends will become friends who’ve been raped. You look around the dinner table and wonder, which one’s the lesbian, which one will get divorced, which one will feel the icy-cold realisation that he’s not taking ‘no’ for an answer?

Being the one in five doesn’t stop your friends from being ones in fives. It doesn’t stop them sitting opposite you with their hands wrapped around a mug of ginger tea, tears rolling down their face. It doesn’t stop them calling, panicked, saying she doesn’t want to tell anyone & what do we do, what now? Nor does a rape whistle, or a taxi home, or a triple-bolted door, because rape doesn’t just happen in dark alleyways and four out of five rapists were known to their victim.

Nor does denying it happened at all.

I am so, so proud of @rosieprice__, not just for being the most brilliant debut author the UK has seen in years, or for being the literal voice of our generation, or for taking it all in her usual graceful style, but for speaking. For speaking when so much of the world teaches us to be quiet, to internalise & suppress; when so many spend so many years politely pretending that we were never victims. 
What Red Was is not a story of victimhood. What Red Was is a battlecry, an axethrow, a flag on the moon. Ros, you’re a legend 🤟❤️
