When I was in business school, I came across the term "affirmative action" while working on a group assignment highlighting measures of Diversity & Inclusion in the corporate world. As an idea, it was something worth aspiring to. However, I never gave it a second thought until earlier this year, in a moment of contemplation.

The world had been witness to several waves of the #MeToo movement, Diversity & Inclusion now had Belonging tagging along with them and discussions about consent were finally becoming mainstream but I found my own reaction to feminism was often conflicted at best, deep-rooted that patriarchy is within our psyche.

My Twitter bio says, "when in doubt, read a book". I realised that I might have attained the reputation of being a voracious reader amongst my peers but as far as women's writing was concerned, my reading was miniscule at best. I happened to ask a friend where she stood on this count & even she had subconsciously managed to avoid reading books written by women. Which led me to conclude that if that could happen to a self-confessed feminist like her, I had no chance unless radical measures were taken.

And thus returned the concept of "affirmative action" - I decided to confront this conflict head on by 1. having difficult conversations with women on this subject as often as possible, and 2. reading books written by women.

At the beginning of 2k19, I pledged to read 12 books written/compiled/edited by women & this has led me to discover some fantastic writing, most notably @ummrita's debut novel "Milk Teeth" earlier this year & now this gut-wrenching novel by @twocrowsonachimney. In case you're still reading this, I strongly recommend that you read them & actively enhance the presence of women's writing not only in your bookshelves but in your actual reading as well.

Do I call myself a feminist now? Frankly, I think the women in my life would know whether I'm qualified enough. But when a woman tells me that "we've all made a feminist out of you now", I believe I can only be grateful that people like her never gave up on me. 😀

#books #igreads #bookstagram #literature #bibliophile #fiction #womenswriting #BrunchBookChallenge
