This is Sandra Bland. 
In May 2015 she was pulled over by police in Chicago for a failure to signal.
It was not until a couple weeks ago that the footage from her phone was released, footage that not even her family had seen before, showing the man pulling a stun gun on her and threatening to "light her up" and "remove her" from her own car if she doesn't get out. 
Sandra was found hanging in her jail cell by a plastic bag three days later, and it was ruled that she 'committed suicide.' All charges were dropped a year later, providing the officer never worked in law enforcement again.
🚫
In 2015, police killed 1134 black men in the US. For comparison, that's just over 1/7th of the population of the City of London borough, or 86% of students enrolled at Eton College this year. 👦🏻 This week in Philadelphia a police officer shot a man with special needs THREE TIMES through the car window, fearing he was going to be robbed. To protect this brave individual, his name has not been released. (Luckily Joel Johnson survived). Violence and racism towards blacks and ethnic minorities isn't just history, this is now. All Lives Matter is a protest to our protest, and ignoring the facts is a luxury we can't afford. Innocent people aren't dying, they're being murdered. 
It's easy enough to get statistics on the brutality and violence, but then there's the systemic and institutional oppression happening on a daily basis. Why is the colonisation of black countries not taught in U.K history? Why aren't there more BAME CEOs? Why do I have to watch ENTIRE FILMS with ONE (sometimes no) minority actor in them? Why are the books on literature curriculums all by white people? 
Like @cheyennetenah puts so eloquently, white silence is compliance. Your privilege allows you to go about your business every day without having to question anything, completely unaware that you are treated differently.
Please don't tell me you 'don't see colour', or you treat everyone the same - this isn't about you. This is about Sandra Bland, David Oluwale, Alton Sterling, Tamir Rice, Trevor Smith, and the need to keep the conversation going. Educate yourself and use your privilege for good.
