A photo of my former husband just showed up in my #memories on @Facebook, the parent company for @Instagram and more than a hundred other companies. I posted it. Then I cropped it, filtered it into black and white, and shared it on Instagram.

My former husband is a sexual #predator somewhere on the #spectrum between Anthony Wiener and Harvey Weinstein. I left him more than four years ago, in 2015. Yet here he is, staring at me through a #MagnifyingGlass.

He’s blocked on every social network. I’m no longer connected to his family — or mine — and nearly every friend I trusted and treasured. Too many people didn’t believe me or were just too horrified to support me through a situation that became *more* brutal over time, not less. My god, my #grief.

My former husband is an engineer at @Google. Since learning of his lies, actions, addictions, manipulations, I’ve been stalked or #hacked or doxxed on multiple platforms. For example, in 2018, someone or #somebot was operating a fake Facebook page in my full legal name to sell porn and sex.

The account had thousands of fans, friends, and connections. How much #money did that page generate for Facebook? For the page’s operators? For the women who were selling their bodies by choice or maybe force? For all I know, the page was showing #trafficking victims or monetizing #revenge porn.

Facebook refused to shut it down for more than two months. Daily I’d report it. Daily my friends would report it. Daily we’d receive assurances that the page wasn’t a violation of community standards.

If a page that’s been used to abuse someone isn’t a violation, then it’s a #reflection of the values of the company.

One day, the page just disappeared. Poof. No explanation. Gone.

I don’t want to live this horror. It haunts my dreams, breaks my #spirit, terrorizes every connection I seek to form. No matter what I’ve done to move on, no matter the time I’ve spent in court, under police protection in a safe house, or hiding it in plain sight, it follows me across websites.

This situation has defined my digital identity. In fact, it was my digital identity long before I learned of his actions....
