ONCE WE ATE ANIMALS

Meat the Victims. Peaceful protests with aggressive opponents. Cube of Truth. Beyond Meat goes to Nasdaq. Market value veganism grows rapidly. New reports on the rapid extinction of large numbers of plant and animal species. About 150 million (land) animals suffer and die unnecessarily every year for human consumption. For me 1 is one too many. Speciecism. Inclusivity. Plastic soup. Eating animal products is seen by more and more people as morally unacceptable. #metoo. People who find eating animal products morally unacceptable are set aside by the standard as #radical. The standard consists of people. Individuals. That which was hidden in society's darkest corners for so long is coming to light. Eating meat already is becoming the new smoking. People in turmoil. Suppression. Compassion misunderstood.

It's a big mess and yet it must all happen in the service of change. That which was brewing underneath the radar is coming to the surface. I feel it massively every day. Sometimes full of hope, sometimes full of disappointment. Especially for that one single animal 150 million times a year.

And then my great friend @roannevanvoorst shoved her new book into my hands this week: ONCE WE ATE ANIMALS.

I open the book. Read my name. Tears roll down my cheek. A deep breath. Thankful and full of so much.

On the backside of the book:
We grew up in a time when eating animals was completely accepted. However, scientists are predicting that this will become taboo in the near future. In a few decades, vegan will be the norm, and our grandchildren will ask us how we could ever eat animals.

Buy this book, give it to everyone you know as a gift. Help people move through their own resistance. Whatever will happen this planet will survive us and probably will restore even more beautifully, but what does it mean to be a human being? We can choose to extend suffering or end it now and choose to love the hell out of what still is present. The story Roanne shares in her new book is THE story that needs to be told, read and heard. A story about the future in which we look back to the present day and wonder how we once ate.
Posted @withrepost • @lisettekreischer
