🌼
Let’s talk
————
I’m 19 years old, I’m an artist, nature lover, enjoy broadway, chicken and journaling, I meditate, love to spend time with friends, and think I’m somewhat of a positive funny person. All of these are how I would describe myself. And I also have ptsd and depression. I would like to say that doesn’t describe me but rather a side note to why I am who I am. We often don’t talk about our mental health. Our society views it as a weakness but I’m writing this post to show you it’s a strength.
—
I started this account to express myself and track recovery through writing and photographs and positive affirmations. While this page is intended to be fully honest and open, I feel like part of my life is hidden. So here I am to talk about what most will never.
—
For the past 2 years I’ve struggled with depression, on the outside I smile and echo laughter everywhere I went, but in my mind it’s sometimes hard to feel the joy or excitement of life. Almost a year and a half ago I opened up about my sexual trauma that happened at a younger age. Since it’s been a ton of therapy, trial of many medications, a few hospitalizations, and a lot of life changes. But I don’t see it as a negative weight on my life, but rather something that makes me a stronger person today. For me nights are hard and isolating, and recovering from self harm is something 5 years ago I never thought would be a battle, and the anxiety of relationships leaves me alone, and weekly therapy leaves me drained. I like to think one day I will look back at 19 year old Em and be proud that I was resilient.
—-
Throughout recovery art has been an escape and a way to portray the storm that passes my mind. I found a comfort in creating an alternative setting in artwork. And while in the hospital art therapy was where I expressed the most. Every artist has a story to tell without any words.
——
To answer the original question of how I became stronger... I didn’t let my past win. I could have gave in to the pain, let depression win and not put so much energy into a fight. I learned, how to cope, how to care for myself, how to talk about the uncomfortable, how to trust, how to express. And I found ...
