‘A Woman was raped’, ‘A 10-month baby was raped’. In these headlines, the one who commits the crime disappears from the news, and from household discourses, hidden into the anonymity of concealed names. Yes, taking the name of the accused has its cons; but changing the voice of the headline seems to shift the spotlight away from the perpetrator.  Rapists are  found to believe in the ‘rape myth’ of no meaning yes.Earlier rape was seen as the expression of an overwhelming sexual urge, one that women could invite by provocative dress or behavior; more recently, it has been widely described as simple violence against women, expressed through sex. Now new findings suggest that there are many kinds of rapists and that violence and eroticism hold sway to differing degrees in each. Research suggests that only a small minority of rapists are sexual renegades driven by sadistic fantasies or hatred of women, and that far more common are men with a normal sexual orientation who rape impulsively as the opportunity presents itself.
What Really Goes On Inside The Mind Of A Rapist?
● "Housework and housekeeping is for girls, not roaming in discos and bars at night doing wrong things, wearing wrong clothes. About 20% of girls are good. People had a right to teach them a lesson"
● “I didn’t have much of a conscience about it when I was younger. No conscience at all. I was just out to get what I wanted, damn everybody else. It wasn’t about them, it was about me. I became very preoccupied with pornography and sex. I was very promiscuous. Oh, anybody. Whoever I could latch on to."
● "Very often the rapists say that the trigger for the rape was when a woman made them angry, usually by rebuffing a sexual overture. The men experienced the rebuff as an insult to their manhood that intensified their emotional misery."
● Some men are those who are preoccupied with a fixed sexual fantasy, which they try to act out in the rape. These men are often driven by a bizarre romantic fantasy in which they force a woman to have sex, and she then falls in love with them.
●Most rapists feel depressed/worthless in days leading up to the rape.

Inspired by #metoo 
Follow @perception__hub
