Okay let's start.
So Amber claims to have physically assaulted Johnny multiple times as a form self defense, with no context. Also stating she doesn't know to what extent of damage she has done to him. But if you recall, in Amber's most recent filing as part of her motion to dismiss the defamation suit against her, she perjured herself in her court sworn declaration saying she only physically assaulted Johnny one time to "save her baby sister"...not herself.
Continuing to the next page, Amber is repeatedly asked if she has ever "intentionally thrown an object that hit Mr. Depp.." including a "Mineral Spirits can". Her answer is very telling. She answers "I don't know what has hit him." Meaning, she is not denying, but rather ADMITTING to throwing multiple objects but can't confirm which objects have hit him.
On the next page she answer the previous question of "Have you ever thrown a bottle or any object at Mr. Depp...that hit him." Her answer, "I don't know...I don't know what's hit him. I don't know."
Again, ADMITTING to throwing objects at Johnny Depp.
The question is repeated. Amber again tries to avoid saying "Yes or No" & attempts to deflect by saying "I might have thrown something...because he was advancing on me." Adding deflective hyperbolic statements like "He weighs well over 100 lbs more than me."
Next (same page) when asked, while in Australia in March of 2015, if she threw an alcohol bottle at Johnny Depp that shattered and cut off the end of his finger (As testified to by Johnny). She again refuses to answer by calling it "a ridiculous accusation."
She is then specifically asked if, on Dec. 30, 2015 on the island in Exuma, if she threw a "can of Mineral Spirits paint thinner and hit Johnny Depp in the head."
After more objections to try & save her from answering, she proceeds to weave another story in an attempt to not give a direct answer...but eventually does by including "I have thrown something on the island at him." ANOTHER ADMISSION. 
Another part coming soon! Also credit to ThatBrianFella on twitter.
