Monir Shahroudy Farmanfarmaian

1922- 2019

Farmanfarmaian studied at the Faculty of Fine Art in Tehran before moving to the US in 1945, where she studied art at Cornell University in Ithaca and then fashion illustration at Parsons School of Design in New York from 1946-49. In New York, she met artists such as Louise Nevelson, Joan Mitchell, Willem de Kooning and Barnett Newman. She started her career as a fashion illustrator, befriending her peer Andy Warhol, and continued to study at the Art Students League.
"She was deeply immersed in the New York art world of the 1950s," says Shiva Balaghi, a Los Angeles-based cultural historian. "She [also] travelled across the Iranian desert by car, learning about tribal art and absorbing the landscape," she explains. Farmanfarmaian moved back to Iran in 1957 and represented the country at the 1958 Venice Biennale—winning a gold medal—as well as showing in the first Tehran Biennial that same year.

Rose Issa, a curator and writer who has organised shows of Farmanfarmaian’s work, says that the artist was a free spirit: "She was courageous, and talented, and always did what she wanted. [She] always met the right people at the right time. She was born with talent, embellished everything she saw, touched, or cooked. A sophisticated artist who liked simple things, who could appreciate earthly beauty. The Iranians have a special word for it—she was khaki." Farmanfarmaian’s work included drawings, collage, reverse-glass paintings and large-scale sculptures. A turning point in her practice came in the mid-1960s. “Monir's fascination with light and the Iranian traditional mirror mosaic form known as Aineh Kari began in 1966 with an encounter at the Shah Cheragh mosque in Shiraz. This experience led to her explorations of the infinite possibilities of sacred geometry”. #monirshahroudy #iranianfemaleartist #femaleartist #womanartist #femalepainter #femalephotographer #femalesculptor #femmeartiste #mujerartista #künstlerin #artistafemenina #artistafeminista #womenempowerment #metoo
