Tony Robbins, BuzzFeed, and the Importance of Reputation.

Unless you've been living under a rock, you have probably noticed that BuzzFeed wrote an investigative piece about Tony Robbins along the lines of the infamous #metoo movement. There were some pretty salacious accusations by the women featured in the article. You may have even read Robbins's open letter refuting the accusations, and citing his sterling reputation as evidence of his innocence. 
I don't know whether Robbins is guilty of everything he's been accused of, but it serves as a good reminder that in real estate - as in life - reputation is everything. 
Here's what I do know; whenever you 'put yourself out there' in a big way, you are going to be a target. And in today's digital environment, news travels faster than ever - including misinformation. As they say...a lie can get half way around the world before the truth can get its pants on. 
That is why your reputation is more important than ever. 
The truth is, once you’ve succeeded in a certain number of real estate investment projects— investors will find you.
So, your reputation is extremely important if you want to use venture capital for your projects. All it takes is just one bad person to spread lies about you, write bad reviews, and otherwise try to destroy your reputation. 
There is no way of avoiding this, you can either continue to grow your business or you can shrink into oblivion. The choice is yours. 
Unfortunately, it's the cost of doing business these days.
Hopefully you never have to deal with a situation like what Tony Robbins is dealing with right now. However, if you do find yourself as the target of a "reputation destruction" campaign, and the light at the end of the tunnel seems dim and distant, I encourage you to keep fighting. 
As Winston Churchill famously quipped, "If you're going through hell, keep going." Spring always follows winter; day always follows night. Opportunity always follows adversity, and expansion always follows contraction, and it does this without fail. You can always count on it. Isn't that terrific? 
Have a wonderful week. 
All my best, 
Elena Maurel

#tonyrobbins #reputation #buzzfeed
