I usually do not post personal info on my IG but as the month of May ends and the night turns into June I breaking my silence of my absence. 
I am from Yanaguana (San Antonio, Tex) the US-Mexico Border runs through my veins. I moved around frequently as a child. I never knew what a stable home was. My mother was a single-mother in the 90’s.  I absolutely thank my Grandparents for all that they continue to do for me and my little family. 
I am come from the place where as a child I found solace listen to the desert thunderstorms as the rain floods the Rio Grande river, I come from a place where my spirit roamed free in the Chinati Mountains, I can still taste the waters of Cibolo Creek. These were the times where I found solace away from the Domestic Violence I started to witness at a young age. The violence grew but it was directed towards me, until the age of 11. I have been sexually-assaulted by a family member whom is a devout Christian with a deep dark past that will haunt them upon judgment day.  #metoo 
My body has been through so many traumas at the hands of men who only saw me like a piece of flesh and walked all over me like I was a doormat. The cycles of intergenerational trauma repeats. 
At the age of 14 was a juvenile delinquent on her way to TDCJ till the age of 21 but by the grace of the creator, he had another plan for me. 
#schoolsnotprisions 
Fast forward to all the trials and tribulations I became young single mother to two beautiful daughters. They have watched me graduate with my H.S Diploma and obtained a certificate at my local college. 
Without my daughters I wouldn't know where I would be today they have taught me so much and continue to do so. I am truly blessed. 
To all my family and close friends, I truly appreciate your guidance you have given me. 
Just recently I was diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. 
BPD is that of a person's genetic heritage, problems with chemicals in the brain as well as brain development and environmental factors. 
As I learning more about my diagnosis I will be going ”live” this weekend to speak about my life experiences and how I am currently coping with my new diagnosis, and treatment.
