THE WAR AGAINST ROE⠀
Ratcheting up the war against women’s rights, Georgia signed bill HB481 banning abortions once a fetal heartbeat can be detected. Since our tech’s become so sophisticated, this can happen around 6 weeks. However, what’s being detected then is merely a tiny electrical impulse. This embryo is the size of a sweet pea, with no semblance of a cardiovascular system and no awareness of self. ⠀
At 6 weeks, most women don’t even know they’re pregnant.  With such busy lives, it’s easy to slip past your usual time without realizing it. Many women aren’t regular and don’t think twice about going longer without worry. Their cycles might be as much as 45 days apart. This is crazy. And it just gets crazier. ⠀
The bill declares that “unborn children are a class of living, distinct person” that deserves “full legal recognition.” ⠀
The drug Misoprostol treats stomach ulcers and is easy to get online. It’s also highly effective in inducing abortions in the first 10 weeks. It’s used routinely by American women. Once this bill takes effect, a woman who uses this drug to self-terminate will have killed a human, committed murder as a matter of law for which the penalty in Georgia is imprisonment or capital punishment.  Anyone who provided the abortion or even aided the woman to obtain one (women need a ride home after the procedure) would be a party to murder. Women who miscarry could be charged with murder if they can’t prove the miscarriage was involuntary and not self-caused. About 10 to 20% of pregnancies end in miscarriages. This is scary stuff. ⠀
On a positive note, a number of district attorneys in counties near Atlanta said they won’t prosecute women under this barbaric law. Several productions have vowed to pull their businesses from the state and an Amazon Studio show has been cancelled too. “We feel we have to stand up for a woman’s right to choose what happens to her body, and so while this is not a decision we have taken lightly, we feel strongly that it’s the right one at this point in time,” Executive producers of ‘THE POWER’. Let’s hope more companies follow their lead. We must persist. Our bodies, our choice. @blueravenartist⠀
