LADIES - TAKE NOTE. With Ford as Premier of Ontario, we have reason to be alarmed. Here are 5 reasons why; 1. Ford is PRO-LIFE and was supported during his election by the Campaign Life Coalition, an anti-abortion group that thinks terminating a pregnancy is harmful to women and essentially, evil. He was also blessed by Pastor Paul Melnichuk, a Toronto church leader charged with sexually assisting women in his congregation. While the premier has said he wouldn’t revisit the abortion debate he’s said he’s more than okay if a member of his party wants to. However, Ford has been quoted saying he would consider making it mandatory for women under 16 years of age to require their parents permission if they wanted to terminate a pregnancy. Reducing access to safe, legal abortions has HISTORICALLY put women in danger and in many cases resulted in DEATH. 2. Ford has a LOT to say when it comes to sex-ed being taught in classrooms “Unlike the Liberals, I know that parents - not government- are our first educators when it comes to our children.” One day after being elected, the premier confirmed plants to repeal it. The current sex-ed curriculum teaches students; proper names for body parts, sexual orientation, gender indemnities and contraception. With Ford’s plans to axe the program, young boys and girls will suffer the consequences. In the era of #MeToo, it’s vital our kids learn about consent and sexual health at a young age!!! 3. Ford quietly limited sexual re-assignment surgery through OHIP. Many surgeons have now met their quota until 2022, meaning all scheduled consultations will be delayed 18 months or just entirely canceled. Are you aware of the impact this will have on the trans community, not to mention those in the pre-transitional phase? 4. Ford has ENDED the Roundtable on Violence Against Women, a panel of experts that provide advice to Ontario on the issue. Last year the group advocated for paid leave for people experiencing domestic or sexual violence, including the threat of it also known as bill 148. 5. Likened to U.S President Donald Trump, Ford has a history of sexist and offensive remarks towards former Liberal Party Leader, Kathleen Wynne and has be
