"Where are you in this, God?" Less like a question, more like an accusation, "Where ARE you, God?" the voice of a little girl who wasn't allowed to have her voice. No, it shouldn't have happened. Yes, you can be angry. Then sadness, and then to searching. "Where are you in this, God?" I started to see my story in a way I hadn't before. As a child, crying in my bed, crying to God, I felt the truth in the verse, "you will rest in the shadow of his wings." He was in it. He embraced me through the arms of my mom and my friends. He was there in the healing joy with my sisters. In the encouragement from good men. He was there, always working for my good. Always working. 
He was there the day of my wedding. God gave me one year with my dad. One year where I felt like his daughter. We celebrated holidays together. And I invited him to dance at my wedding to Here Comes the Sun. "Here comes the sun, and I say it's alright." I knew it probably wouldn't last. And just as sudden as it came, the year was up. The door shut. The limit was reached. The sun went back behind the clouds.

When I look at this picture, I see a girl being loved by her father. Her heavenly father. I treasure this moment. My biological dad gave me what he could that day. My heavenly father gave me what he could that day. And all of it to me said, "You are loved." I don't know if the door will open again, if the clouds will clear and the sun will come out. I pray that I will be ready if it does. 
If Father's Day is rough for you, for whatever reason, and if no one tells you this, I'll tell you. It's okay to give yourself space to feel what you need to feel this weekend. Whatever that is. Don't judge it, don't analyze it, just allow yourself to feel it. Know the path to healing lies through the pain. The awfully unfair truth is, if you don't give your grief a voice, it will give itself a voice - in the form of anger, impatience, resentment, etc to those you love. I hope you have grace-filled people around you that can give you the space you need. 
Maybe today you can see your story from new eyes, eyes that see God working. 
If not, that's okay. Maybe next year. 
#metoo #weareglorious #fathersday
