World leaders promise to eliminate all forms of violence and discrimination against women and girls by 2030! Good! I’m behind them in this! But while we hear their beautiful pledges, many places in the world remain (or become) dangerous for women and girls, preventing them from participating equally in political and economic public life.  It is estimated that one in three women globally experience physical or sexual violence during their lifetime. 
While no country in the world reaches gender equality, there are many countries in the world where women risk their safety by simply taking a public transport or where they are denied basic health care! 
Thomson Reuters Foundation regularly ranks “ the world’s most dangerous countries for women” and latest survey is surprising! 
What do Syria, Somalia, Yemen, and the U.S. have in common? Yes, hese four countries are among the 10 most dangerous in the world for women. Experts consider 6 key areas for the analysis: healthcare, human trafficking, cultural/religious practices, discrimination, sexual and non-sexual violence. 
Finding in the list Afghanistan and Syria, with their war-conflicts, doesn’t come as a surprise. Or again, for example India, Nigeria, Pakistan with their cultural/religious discriminations... Yet, the USA is the only Western democracy in the list! 
The report attributes the inclusion of the U.S. in the list to the rise of the #MeToo movement that has helped uncover the near-ubiquity of sexual harassment. In fact, the U.S., alongside Syria, are in TOP 10 for the risks women face in terms of sexual violence, harassment, sexual coercion, and women’s lack of access to justice in cases of rape. The latest developments with #abortion laws also suggest that the USA continues on its path of discriminating women and depriving them from protection and respect as equal citizens. 
Our rights, our lives are in danger...even when(and where) we think they are not! 
Power to the sisters! ✊🏽 .
.
.
#feminist #humanrights #womensrights #women #feminism #girlpower #femen #girls #girlscan #gender #genderequality #equality #empoweringwomen #womenempowerment #politicswithinna
