Yesterday’s Moby thing provides a good opportunity to have a teachable moment w/ my fellow cis dudes (this is still for everyone tho). Just know that when I say “guy” here, I mean “straight cis guy” - what I identified as up to a year ago (now I’m open about being bisexual, the rest is the same). Trigger warning for allusions to rape culture/misogyny.
.
I wish Moby, given his intelligence & political awareness, understood that 1st off a kiss & tell about a brief relationship w/ a way younger woman is crude, even if it WAS a relationship. More importantly, I’m surprised he wasn’t more aware of the reality that the power imbalance between women & men is always there. It can be physical, if the guy is bigger/seemingly stronger. It can be psychological, fueled by the reality that men are WAY more statistically likely to violently attack women than women are w/ men. Or most of all in Moby’s case - a power imbalance relating to status/fame. He was famous just like her, so he had access/resources. If he knew she was somewhere & wanted to see her, he could make it happen. He should’ve considered that before reaching any certainty that he was in a reciprocal, consensual relationship w/ her.
.
I believe the reason lots of guys are at times resentful of the #MeToo Era is because most have at least 1 or 2 moments in our past that would be cancellable offenses if we were famous. Any guy who’d say, “Uh speak for yourself, Nathan. I’ve always known better than to be inappropriate with women” is probably bullshitting to look like a superally. I feel confident about that because I know what it felt like to grow up as a guy. The cultural media training for guys to go through life as “hunters” is SO strong & the unlearning process of that is complicated & lengthy. I am still unlearning, like most guys. And I definitely have past moments of failing to acknowledge the power imbalance when I felt certain I was really being flirted with, or really on a date, or that a woman was glad I approached her. So I want to offer that to encourage men: You can be an ally even if you are still unlearning. If only perfect dudes were allowed to help, there’d be almost no men in the resistance.
