So, we are a few days past May, which is Mental health awareness month. I wasnt going to make a post in regards to it simply because I like to keep some things about myself personal, however, the past few days have been absolute hell and I feel that sharing this bit of ME may make others feel not so isolated or ashamed. 
Around this time last year, after coming full circle with my behaviors and lack of self preservation, I went in for help and was diagnosed with PTSD, BPD, and sever social anxiety disorder. Past experiences are the cause of my PTSD, but the jury is still out on whether genetics or organic stimulation are the cause of my other chemical imbalances. I was put on a combination of medications to help keep myself under control. it was only after having been on my meds for a few months that I was able to look back and see the signs for my mental illness. I was too proud to admit something wasnt right with me and my state of mind, and I forced down and kept way too many traumatic experiences locked away without seeking professional help for them. Some believe that mental illness is all in the head. A made up excuse to act a certain way. My rebuttle? Why in the fuck would someone CHOOSE to take medication that could completely alter your being and state of mind and severely screw you up, for a made up illness? This is me 3 days withdrawl without my medication because I have to be closely monitored while on it and currently cant afford to be seen for a refill apt. I couldn't keep anything down, everything hurt, dark thoughts and lack of impulse control drove me insane...but I choose to take the medication knowing going without for any length of time can cause this, because once I'm rebalanced and have had time to get it in my system, it makes me feel more like a person. I dont have panic attacks out of the blue. I don't wake up screaming every night from terrors and sleep paralysis. I don't question and overanalyze absolutely EVERY little aspect of my being. I am able to function without crawling into bed at the end of the night, crying and wishing I were dead. You are NOT your illness but so much more! #mentalhealthawareness #metoo #itsnotmadeup #may
