Have you ever felt pressure to only show certain sides of yourself? Me too.
These photos share 3 different aspects of me. The joyful,  exuberant me. The pensive,  thoughtful me. And the unintended capture by Diana McKee of the survivor of trauma, anxious and pushing through depression me.

For years I was known as "happy-go-lucky" and while this is  true, just like you,  I'm also multifaceted with many layers.

I remember once when I revealed I was feeling really down the person on the other side of the conversation replying, "you're one of the most joyful people I know,  if You feel depressed, I should just kill myself right now." Whoa! Now I realize they thought they were "sharing perspective " and their twisted idea of humor. What they didn't realize was how much that weighed upon me. 
For years I didn't share my struggles or depth of trauma I'd lived through. I had no idea that the fact that I was still alive was a huge accomplishment. 
For years I hid behind smiles and not sharing my truth. That changed April 2014 when I went public on social media about my journey through depression and back, it's an ongoing navigation.

In 2016 I went public about the childhood s*xual trauma I'd experienced.
 Another weight lifted. I was amazed by the depth of support and kindness shared. And somewhat horrified by the amount of "me too." I'm sharing this during Mental Health Awareness month to simply say we are each multitudes of layers, experiences, expressions and yes, challenges and struggles too.

Here's to acceptance of all of our facets, in the end it may be what makes us the most interesting and compassionate. 
I hope that you can find your courage to share all of who you are and not feel like you have to hide the struggles. 
I'm currently on my Survivors Tour across the US to Alaska sharing the same healing tools that helped me see beyond my trauma ,  depression and PTSD to the whole, worthy human I truly am. 
If you are seeking any tools or techniques, feel free to be in touch. I'm here for you too. Together we make it through. ♡
#steeryourstory 
#mentalhealthawareness 
#mentalhealth 
#truth
#metoo
#thisisme
#depression
#trauma #healing #youarenotalone
