Everything was going well in Amsterdam (2018) until that happened. I had a moment which is surely unpleasant for any woman, yet something I would not be able to forget for my entire life. Was feeling too vulnerable to share the incident before but here it goes anyway

From legally smoking up and having a beer sitting on the side of a canal to exploring tulips and cheese havens whilst dodging bicycles, I was loving everything about the city until I met a local guy through Instagram who offered to show me around the city and I stupidly believed him and sat with him in his car only to be driven to the outskirts of the city and sexually abused, where no-one was to be seen till miles away and my cries could not have been heard by anyone beyond the two of us. I didn't even know where exactly I was.

This has been the only time when travelling alone made me feel so helpless but I somehow manipulated him into dropping me back to the city centre, of course I had to put up with the uncomfortable touches on my laps all along the way that he didn't refrain from.

The most unpleasant and intimidating experience taught me a lesson for life. Do not trust people blindly, stay alert and use your presence of mind in such situations. In hindsight, I wish I had reported it to the local police. Was just too intimated as a tourist and wanted to leave immediately.

I encourage people to interact with locals but I cannot deny that such incidents can happen once in a while. Perhaps don't sit with someone in a car if you're all alone or try to meet them in a safer environment like a restaurant or marketplace. Trust is something you develop with your intuition and may not always be accurate.

Anyway, I don't want to blame the entire city for the actions of one pervert I encountered. And people who think that immigrants or refugees are responsible for the deteriorating safety of their countries, then let me correct you that it's not always immigrants but also the locals having their roots pretty much from the same land who may be guilty.

More importantly, if such a thing does happen to you by any chance, do not let it defeat your desires/restrict your dreams. It's not the end of your life
