#FoodForThought 
I always find it laughable that the concept of harassment often starts and ends with the sexual. Theoretically there are several ways one (man and woman) can be harassed; sexual, discriminatory, psychological, physical, personal, religious, gender, racial, age based and power. 
If you want to really talk about harassment, start not with a specific incident - start with the very basic journey a woman has to endeavour. The first time a man licks his lips when he watches a girl sit in a car with her father in the driving seat. The time she was called “qiyamat ki nishani” while walking through liberty because her 4 inch wide dupatta wasn’t hiding her bosom too well. Implore why she chooses to bite her tongue at work while advocating her own ability to do her job well while being up against a man - thereby automatically more potent than her. The time when her employer thinks it’s okay to crack a “sexy” joke with her single female employee because she doesn’t seem to mind. The time a cousin or a male family member rubs their hand on her arm because he didn’t have another route within the living room to cross her. Or the time her mother indicated she shouldn’t leave the car because despite her shalwar Kurta, the men will devour her through the glare in their eyes and the hunger drooling from their filthy mouths. 
Coming forward with a matter entails a courage unknown to man (not the biological penis ridden man, but the proverbial man). The level of endurance one has to imbibe in the face of a delayed payment and an argument that reads; “but why do you need money anyways?” Or when a man leaves a sticky note on your car side view mirror with his number and a description of what he would like to do to your body. 
There’s no agenda behind the post, just a very simple ask - be empathic. Call a spade, a spade.

#spokenword #poetry #poems #poet #poetsociety #poetsinautumn #write #writer #ridaswritingcorner #ridakhalidbhutta #poet #writing #empathy #may #harassment #metoo #stopridiculingharassment #ridakhalid #thelahoritroubadour
