Wherever you go, there you are. // This is how I’ve spent the last couple of weeks, trying to cope with anxiety levels that were shooting through the roof, sometimes almost to the point of panic. Throughout my life I’ve gotten used to outbursts of anxiety at times so intense that they prevent me from doing things that matter to me like writing and creating. In these periods I still function, but sort of just halfway. It’s been tough. I was used to feeling anxious during periods of instability, I am not used to feeling anxious in situations when I was supposed to be feeling thrilled. It’s the shoulds, always the shoulds. As the haze starts to dissolve and I am able to trust more and more the newness in my life, and to accept my imperfectness, therefore my-self in all its facets (including the anxiety and the fear), I feel this urge to tell you that *me too*. Not the (in)famous #metoo (even though I’ve participated in that one as well) but me too, as in mental health. I have very difficult periods too. Most of you only know me from social media which let’s you see only parts, usually the cool / funny / pleasant parts. And I really believe that having an audience comes with a responsibility. It is of extreme importance that we all open up about difficult subjects, including the big taboo mental health. We cannot pretend we do not suffer. It’s not honest, and it makes others feel inadequate. I do not feel very comfortable talking about anxiety and panic; it feels like one of the most vulnerable things for me to do. But hey, nothing worthwhile has ever been done without a dose of risk and fear. And I value realness more than ever. The possibility to share whatever truth rings true to our heart is the greatness of socials. That’s how we can rise above, if just for one moment, the world of mundane cliches and everyday internet pastiches and superficialities we entertain ourselves and others with. I mean, sometimes the conventional is necessary I guess but damn, there’s a whole other world out there worthy of exploration. Even if it makes us feel scared and vulnerable. Or perhaps exactly because of it. 
#mentalhealthawareness
