SELECTIVE EMPATHY 
I’m definitely guilty of it, and I’m holding myself accountable for not showing up fully for all the devastation, personal and political that is going around in the world. 
On this platform - sometimes I feel overwhelmed - I don’t know what to post about or how to make it matter. 
Abortion rights in the US are crucial - but so are the lives of women and children in Sudan.  Personal trauma, loss, mental illness - it all deserves time and respect but so do the families being torn apart at the border. 
Environment is crucial but the living conditions of those suffering in my city ( and our attitudes towards them ) needs to change too. 
Sometimes thinking about all these things drains my energy - but then I have to remember this isn’t about me, this is about our planet, not just the environment, but the collective - the body of human consciousness as a whole. 
Selective empathy is easy, it’s influenced by media ( traditional and social ) and we’re all susceptible, it’s influenced by personal experience, it’s influenced by visibility. 
I feel strongly about advocating for womxn and children, but in doing so, I should be advocating for womxn and children al over the world. 
It can feel impossible - we can make excuses like “I couldn’t possible change the political landscape and suffering of all” but the truth is there are things we can all do. We can make small donations to charities that know where to put there money ( I donate to Save The Chidren, UNICEF and amnesty international monthly - I know there are many other charities doing great work and some small charities are very deserving but these charities work, where the work is needed.), we can share and increase media coverage, we can spread a message of love and we can have faith that if we work on it, a collective consciousness of love will arise. 
If we all do nothing, nothing will happen - BUT if we all do something then something WILL happen - it’s that simple. 
I am a WHOLE woman and I have the caps ring to feel many things at once, to care about the health of my child, the state of my marriage - and the collective state of the world as a whole. 
#wearethewildwmn
