Last week, I opened up publicly for the first time in 16 years about the details of the time that I was molested and of the time that I was raped. I was both heartbroken and moved by the outpour of messages that I received from women saying that they have had similar experiences and that reading my story helped them in some way. Out of all of the women who reached out to me, not a single one received justice. All of their attackers ran free. These women have been hiding their stories in shame, discounted by friends and family, and living in fear. That is unacceptable to me. That is more fuel to my fire. I will keep raising my voice for my sisters and I will not stop until women no longer have to raise their voices to be heard in this world. I will continue to fight until women are given full rights to their own bodies. I will continue to speak my truth until women are treated as human beings and not as though they are merely a disposable fix. Here’s a poem I wrote when I was 13. I think I’d intended for it to be a song, but it turned into more of a free write poem of my thoughts at the time. I took a photo of the original, but typed it out so it could be read more clearly. I’m sharing this, because it is a glimpse inside of the mind of someone who has just been raped. It is a glimpse into the mind of a 13 year old girl who was thinking of suicide, who used to cut her arms with a knife just to fucking feel, because she was so numb. I want people to see that rape is not a joke. I want people to know that the person who made me feel this way got away with nothing, not even a slap on the wrist. I want people to see and understand that there are faces behind the statistics, behind these governmental bills. So, if you’ve read this far, I would like to challenge you to do something. Help me fight for victims of rape and in taking action towards change by sharing this post. Help me spread awareness. Help me share comfort to those that are still living in silence and encourage them to lay down their shame. Ladies, if you’ve been through something similar, please attach your own story to the post. Men, this is a call to action for you as well. Let’s change the world. ♥️
