This book is the perfect example of why short reviews are so hard to write. That's why it'll be a two-parter 🤷🏻‍♀️ Let's start with the premise. An 18yo girl trying to live in a particularly strange social/political/psychological environment that sprouted up during 'the Troubles' in Belfast in the 70s. This book is based on a historical event but isn't historical in meaning. History truly does repeat itself in many ways, and so do the conditions that surround historic events and times - which this book manages to communicate really well. 
Throughout the book, a few things are given more importance than plot or character development (so if you are someone who has a tendency towards those, I wouldn't expect much from this book). These things are survival psychology and how when faced with warring and uncertain conditions people develop absurd/surreal mechanisms to deal with them. And the interesting thing is that they will stick to their strange logic and customs (that are a product of the time) even when faced with contrary truth. 
It shows how we go back to a tribal mode of existence so easily, how we learn to survive even when there is no trust, including among family members, let alone the broader society. It's about being aware of all your actions having political connotations, about intentional ignorance, the effects of surveillance and communal policing, how things like sexual harassment (or our humanity) take a backseat in urgent times. 
The book discusses many things and that is its flaw. Its spread too wide and thin to have any room for depth or analysis. Its relatable and the things mentioned are important, but its value dissipates due to a lack of focus. This was one of the reasons why i decided to focus more on non-fiction this year. 
Essentially, it's about survival - what it means, what it looks like in modern societies, and why, though such a basic instinct, is it inhuman and, hence, wrong. I really enjoyed it despite its flaws. Read it! It's great and perfect for a readalong/book club.🌷
