Part One: 
This past Friday was a day that I have been waiting for for not only the last 6 months, but for the last 10 years. There a few friends who knew parts of my story when it came to the abuse I endured while in a relationship many years ago at the hand of my daughter’s father. Very few more know the extent and details of that story or that there were at least 3 women who endured the same abuse before my relationship with this man and two women after. The women who came after me were women who helped to raise and nurture my child while I was required to co parent with my abuser. Over time I came to learn of their stories of the abuse that they also endured. The latest victim, Alyssa Lauer, actually had the courage to share her story in a published blog post which I have linked to this post if anyone desires to read it. Her words are powerful and difficult to read. This is what lead to the events of the last 6 months as I filed for the protection and custody of my daughter. This written account is just a small portion of only one of the stories that were shared on the stand. A day that left an entire courtroom changed. The words and validation of our experiences from our judicial system, from the judge all the way to the bailiffs who shook our hands, is something I will never forget. With that being said it has been such a long , emotionally exhausting and expensive road to get here. It has become abundantly clear to me why so many instances of domestic violence and sexual assault go unreported. The amount of emotional strength and evidence it took for 4 women and two children to come forward is nothing to be short changed. The amount of people who know what’s going on, but will turn a blind eye because they don’t want to complicate their lives was disheartening. I would say that I couldn’t even imagine what a single mother with no support would feel, but I do because I’ve lived that too. To stand up and look your abuser in the eyes while you tell your story uninterrupted is both terrifying and cathartic.... click on the link in my bio to read Alyssa’s blog post.
#metoo #womenempowerment #womensrights #lovewhatmatters #mamabear #glennondoylemelton
