-the birthday that almost wasn’t-

I think it’s important to address something because maybe, just maybe, if you’re reading this and going through something, my story can help. 
Today is my 28th birthday and I won’t lie, I didn’t know if this day was going to happen because of how truly depressed I was just four months ago. I operated simply on auto pilot. Work. Kids. Chores. Bills. Grocery shopping. Family functions. Even when I was with friends it was as if I wasn’t really there. It scared me just how empty I felt. Now please don’t get me wrong, my children, family and friends mean EVERYTHING to me. I cling to that love like salvation. It was part of why I felt so bad because I felt selfish. Why wasn’t that enough? Why wasn’t I happy? Why did I feel so broken? It felt wrong to reach out because I felt unworthy. 
I spiraled. I slept less and less. I barely ate. All I wanted to do was stay in bed. 
And then there came a day when I sat in my bedroom, the shades drawn and I heard the train across the way. All I could think was how easy it would be. Fast. Over in a moment.

I would reflect back to times I didn’t want to remember, like the sexual abuse I went through as a child. Growing up I struggled to feel accepted by anyone. I gave so much in hopes that anyone would give back and this cycle went on and on. I wanted to feel like I deserved love. Like I made those in my life proud and when it seemed as if all I did was fail again and again, I sank. It broke me.

I wanted to end my life and it hurt so much to feel that way. I just didn’t know what to do anymore. 
And it all changed with a sunset on a very rainy day. When the light was barely breaking through the dark clouds and yet you could still see the colors. I can’t even begin to explain why, but it just gave me so much hope to keep going. It hasn’t been easy in the slightest but I making my way. 
So here I am. 28. A new job. New goals. New hope. A mother to two beautiful miracles. Loved by someone who tries so hard for me. Friends and family I could never begin to thank enough. I may have my scars and I am far from perfect, but I know that I am enough ❤️
