I've just lost my virginity . I dont even know how, that weekend was such a blur. I only went over to TT's house for a sleepover
. 
TT is my best friend and Ive known her since PreSchool .So when my boyfriend broke up with me because I wouldnt have sex with him. TT's house seemed like the best place in the world. And it was there I meet Zac over skype. Zac was older and they had only been friends for a short while. 
He seemed very rude and dominating but charismatic . 
I dont know whos idea it was but we meet up with him the next day. On the school football oval . He walked up and kissed me straight away. I was shocked I wasnt that type of girl to kiss strangers. And for the next 4 hours he wouldnt let me go. Always had his hands on my waist and holding me tight .

We went back to TT's house . I sat down he sat next to me. I moved he moved. I stood up he stood up. I walked away and  he followed. It was like I couldnt breathe . I looked at my friend trying to get her help but it was like she didnt care anymore.  I walked into the bathroom to catch my breath and wash my face when he appeared out of nowhere and pushed up behind me then whispered he wanted to fuck me right here. I said no and pushed past. I needed to leave now. I didnt like him anymore it was all too much. TT didnt seem to notice what Zac was doing or just didnt.

Zac wanted me to come in TTs bedroom alone with him. I said no I want to stay with TT. Then TT turned and agreed just go in the room she said Its fine and then she walked away. I still said no. He picked me up and I tried to push him off but he was too strong. He throw me on the bed . Then started kissing me hard. He forced his hands all over my body as I tried to keep him off. He unzipped my shorts . I said no I dont want to do that and he pushed me back and forced my shorts to one side. Then pushed into me. It hurt . What was I supposed to do I couldnt scream. I kissed him . Was I asking for it ? Before I even knew what to do he finished . Zipped up his pants and left . 
I stayed in that room for what felt like hours .

#secret #donttellamy #bigsister #metoo
