The Handmaid's Tale and Racial Erasure.
Source; Nayuka Gorrie, link below.

Pictures from The Handmaid's Tale are fequently used in the fight for women's rights. It paints a gloomy future for women, when positions are constantly moved backwards. Abortion bans, backlash after MeToo etc. I know, I have used these pictures too. It's easy to chime in, to watch the show and see how women are treated in the real world and feel like one of the taglines; "The future is a fucking nightmare". But there in lies the problem; this isn't some dystopian future - this has already happened. Do you understand? This has already happened - to black women. The handmaids are slaves and many nations have a black slave history. Sexism and misogyny, check, but race doesn't seem to exist in Gilead. The show whitewash black history. Black children were stolen, black women underwent hysterectomies by force or without their knowledge. They were kept as domestic maids and sexually assaulted by the men while women looked the other way. And it's not just history, contemporary black life is controlled by the state in systemic oppression. And white women are also working against them, since "white feminism" focus on making white women equal to white men, not all women to all men. White women who adopt black babies in "white saviorism", white women who call the cops on black people, white teachers who see black children as a problem before they get a chance.

Why do we need white faces when the original or majority narrative is black? Is it more relatable? Easier to empathize with? Why do we care more about white faces and white bodies?

This is white supremacy. White narrative. White feminism. White perspective. The Handmaid's Tale is just one example. And you can be anti racist, work against racism, and still uphold white supremacy.

Black Lives Matter.

Source: Nayuka Gorrie
Link: https://www.sbs.com.au/topics/life/culture/article/2018/05/18/why-handmaids-tale-not-dystopian-black-women-its-real-life

#NayukaGorrie #TheHandmaidsTale #systemicoppression #whitesupremacy #blacklivesmatter #MeToo #TaranaBurke #whitefeminism #whitesupremacy #underhiseye
