TALK 12 / PART 3 - San Francisco @REI: The second person to walk into the room for this talk is a woman with kind eyes. There is always at least one person like this, and I’m drawn to them like a moth to a flame when I give this talk. A lot of what I discuss is heavy, and to avoid looking at the ground or doing this talk with my eyes closed, I try to identify a handful of people to whom I can deliver some of the more impactful parts of the story. 
On tour, I describe the unpacking process I went through between Little Harbor and Two Harbors on the #TransCatalinaTrail. It started with me standing at the trash can with a tube of deodorant, and as I was contemplating what to do with it (turns out packing deodorant on a backpacking trip is a complete waste of time), Barry walked by and said, “Ditch the deodorant, embrace your stink.” I smelled my pits, and they were ripe, of course, but some important dots were connecting for me. Mine was unpleasant at that moment, but we all have a scent. It’s part of what makes me, me. So all the way up this difficult climb on Catalina Island, I worked through all the things that folks have been telling me I need to change about my body and appearance. 
The first story I share from this section of the hike is about my thumbs. Growing up, and kids being kids, my sister gave me so much shit about my thumbs. At the time, it was my deeply held belief that boys didn’t like girls with toe-thumbs and it was my duty to keep my toe-thumbs hidden from anyone and everyone so I would have a shot in hell at making friends or meeting boys. I walked around for most of my adolescence with my thumbs tucked in a fist, hidden from the rest of the world. 
As I recount this story, I show my thumbs to the audience. As I did, I hear a voice call out: “Sister! Me too!” The lady with the kind eyes is waving her thumbs at me. I’ve never seen this before. I stop what I’m doing, walk over to her, and we thumb-bump, like folks fist-bump each other as a greeting. No shit, she’s got little thumbs too. 
Read more at hikingmyfeelings.com/blog.

HUNGRY FOR MORE? Click the three little dots in the top corner to turn on post notifications!
