@craftedbyaig answers our questionnaire
What is your first memory of film?
My first memory of film was the 1997 adaption of 'Cinderella' starring Brandy. I remember sitting in front of the T.V. in complete 'awe' that there was a Black girl on screen with single braids just like I had at the time. I felt so bonded to the movie that I actually memorized the entire script.
Do you remember the moment that made you want to be in this industry? 
I think what originally made me want to work in film was my love for story-telling. As a kid, I loved letting my imagination run wild whether I was writing short stories or reading books. At 11years old, when I was gifted my first camera that I was able to start bringing my short stories and years of visual imagination to life. 
What is the most important thing about your job?
The most important thing for me in film would be that I continue to explore narratives/stories that are often not told. Its important to me that my work in film holds space for those of us who are often silenced and under-represented in society. Through my work I hope to give something thought provoking to my audience that is outside of generic heterosexual relationships and is built with a racially diverse cast. I want my stories to bring light to the complexities of life and experiences, allowing my audience to find themselves present "in the grey". How have the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements influenced your role in the industry?
As a Black queer womxn I think the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements have broke a level of the silence that exists within the industry. We definitely have a long way to go, but I think the conversation has finally started to instil a level of fear/nervousness with problematic men in film. The rise of "call-out/cancel" culture and the growing solidarity between womxn supporting and believing survivors truths are all ways we're slowly building our voices and keeping each other safer. 
What is your biggest passion outside of film? Cooking, I actually had plans to be a chef before I got into film.
