** trigger warning** 1
2
3
4
5
6
Coors lights 
17
I remember being proud I drank my first six pack. 
I remember being drunk, snotty and yelling some cheeky remark to him before I stumbled out the door. 
World spinning 
I made it to my ford escort prepared to drive the few blocks to my house 
Spinning 
I crawl in the back seat and decide I should rest 
Clutching to my interior trying to hold on from the spin

Vomit 
My clothes covered 
my back seat covered 
embarrassed but I’m safe in my car, 
close my eyes *Knock knock*
My eyes drift open 
His rat looking brother “Get in the house! You can’t sleep in the car what if the cops show up, stupid bitch”

Covered in vomit I stumble over my steps back into the house 
It wasn’t long after it happens so fast 
I remember hearing my friend upstairs yelling down how I was slut. 
They took whatever they wanted 
I don’t remember how I got home but I remember hiding in my bed
I remember not wanting to go to school because surely everyone knew 
Everyone knew I was a slut and not that their precious Alumni took whatever they wanted

I remember telling their sister I think I was raped and I remember being so confused. She told me I was a liar and that I Wanted it. 
It must have been my fault
I continued to hang out there 
In the room that it happened, with the men that did this to me.

I was in fear, I fear everyone would know how it was my fault, how I was a slut. 
They took from me.
Dirty
I can’t stand myself 
The little jokes they made hinting 
I continued to sleep with him 
His guilt would show up after 2 30 packs every time like clock work
He knew what he did to me 
He apologized everytime. 
It took me many years to realize it was not my fault. 
It was not right and I had been wronged 
I had been raped 
No matter how I tried to pacify it 
To normalize it
To tell myself i was wrong for continuing to be around them
I was raped, I do not need to harbor the guilt that is not rightfully mine. I don’t not need to apologize to myself for what they did to me. 
I am strong, I am forgiving
I am not defined by being raped
I am defined by my strength, by my ability to live.
