In the making of a victim, abusers manipulate everyone around them. They convince the parent(s) that they are safe contacts, all the while convincing the child that they won't be believed if they tell. To make matters worse, because children feel so deeply and are often very aware of what is going on in the home even without their parents telling them, they feel the need to protect their parent(s). Therefore, they endure the trauma of abuse because they believe they are protecting their parent(s)/family.
In Jeannie's case, she shared that she was "afraid to say anything because I knew you and dad were struggling with money and I knew we had to have a babysitter, so I was afraid of getting him in trouble because who would watch us". She went on to tell her mom "you were really tired because you had two jobs and you were really stressed out and I never thought to come and bring more issues to you".
In addition to trying to protect her parents from what she believed would be a great disruption to their family if she exposed her abuser, Jeannie also talks about her abuser telling her nobody would believe her; they would hit her if she said anything, and they would think she was crazy.
Can you imagine being a child with this type of weight on your mind? They literally feel responsible for everyone around them! And, the manipulation the abuser employs only exacerbates their belief that silence and compliance is best for everyone, so they endure it until they finally break, the abuser moves on to another victim, or the abuser is caught and exposed.
As parents, we have to continue to have conversations with our children early and often to reassure them that no matter what is going on around them, they are the most important people in our lives and you are there to protect them and not the other way around. Reassure them that you are strong enough to handle anything they tell you. Also, tell them anyone who says anything differently is  a liar and they should not believe them.
This is how we  combat the manipulation of abusers. **SEE FULL VIDEO HERE OR ON OUR FACEBOOK PAGE**** https://youtu.be/oAU_3WRnvkY
#childsexabuseawareness #stopchildsexabuse #childsexabusesurvivor
