@eurotrashyash answers our questionnaire. How have the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements influenced your role in the industry?
I wish that #MeToo and #TimesUp existed when I was younger in the biz. I let so many awful experiences slide because I didn’t have the support and awareness that these movements have provided for women today. Women were taught that to keep their jobs they had to keep quiet. Sexual harassment was normalized. This is a sad but true reality from the past. I remember the rumour mill surrounding Jian Gomeshi had been prominent even when I was a student at Ryerson. No one wanted to intern at the Q because of the horror stories that surrounded his work environment. That shit wouldn’t fly today. Which makes me feel good, however, it’s triggering when I think of how I could’ve spoken up in the past and I didn’t because I was conditioned to believe it was best to just keep my mouth shut and to carry on or “rise above”. Thanks to #MeToo and #TimesUp I will never let any person (man or woman) keep me quiet ever again.
What is the best thing about being a woman in the industry? I identify as a person in the industry. The best part of being a person in the industry is being recognized for your work and not your sex or gender.
Who is your mentor? 
I have many individuals who’ve mentored me and I am beyond grateful to know them and call them my friends. Biggest influences are Alison Fast and Chandler Griffith. They taught me everything I know about being a visual storyteller. They work with complete authenticity and purpose and that is exactly how I strive to work in this industry.  Especially during a time when I really thought this industry was going to break me. I’m also super fortunate to have people like Numa Fernandez, Jeni Besworth, Justin Kelly, @cynthialoyst, @idalinaleandropifaro, Katia Priwieziencew and Paweł Tarasiewicz (in no particular order) are all friends of mine in the industry who I can rely on for solid advice. These are the people I look up to. 
What is your favorite genre of film?Polish, French, Spanish and I’m a sucker for Jim Jarmusch or a good romantic comedy.
What is your biggest passion outside of film?
Mus
