This is what a tribe of women look like who are unafraid to speak their truth. Whether they are believed or not, mistreated or misrepresented, THEY know their story. They carry their own pain and their own journey and no person, abuser, judge or jury can take that away from them. 
Many women and children's truth are not believed. Many are not fairly represented. Many are called names, mocked and labeled as emotionally confused about what happened to them.
Let me make one thing clear: the only people too emotional to comprehend a woman or child speaking her truth, are those who choose not to believe her. Those who side with a strong man rather than the innocent. Those who cower and hide, reluctant to come out from the shadows for fear of their own reputation being muddied. 
Both governmental and religious entities continue to conceal, hide, harbor and stand beside men who lie, cheat and abuse women and children. It is appalling. 
I do not find it any wonder why Jesus kept giving women the microphone. He was trying to give them a voice. Because he knew they were not crazy and that their stories were not fabricated. He knew their words were worth being listened to. That they deserve protection from those who have harmed them. Even though Jesus tried to start this revolution, people didn't get it. People still don't get it.
I have lived (and listened to) this story so many times I have lost count. However, I will continue to speak my truth and that of others. I will continue to raise truth tellers in a world that rarely believes them. I will continue this because our voices are worthy of being heard and believed. And no judge, jury, man or woman can silence them.
Beware: The more the broken and abused are oppressed, the louder they get. The more they are pushed to the side, the harder they fight. I am a fighter. And I'm raising a tribe of truth telling warriors. 
Although we have been shaken, we are not in the grave. Although we have been crushed, we will RISE again. 
#metoo #girlmom #risestrong #lovewins #justice #raisingstrongwomen #believewomen #wedidhardthings #truthtellers #exevangelical #abusesurvivor #faithjourney #andstillirise
