I never thought I would ever do a #metoo post, but here it is.
Understand that this is not me looking for sorry's. This is me saying "If anything like this happens to you, I hope you remember my story and react better than I did!" So, about a month ago I was laying on a beach in Goa, India. I had decided to treat myself with a massage. At some point the masseur asked me to lay on my back and started massaging my arms. It took me a second to register how close his hands were getting to my breasts. Instead of immediately speaking up, I got caught up in my head: "Maybe this is normal here? Maybe I'm being disrespectful if I say something and interrupt his work?" He was now actually massaging my breasts and I started to feel incredibly uncomfortable. But because I hadn't stopped him immediately, for some strange reason I thought that now it would be weird if I spoke up. I pretended like it was no biggie.
The massage ended and he left.
.
Because I am normally a very confident and vocal person, I was embarrassed by my actions and I pretended like it never happened. 
It started haunting me in my dreams and I spent a month with wobbly knees and nausea every time I thought about it. Not only because of what he did, but especially because I am so embarrassed that I didn't stand up for myself.
Today, I'm putting an end to my shame. Yes, what he did was wrong and yes, my (lack of) reaction was just as bad. I wish I could go back in time and slap myself in the face. Especially because I just don't understand why I acted the way I did. Of course it would have been okay to say something.
But all I can do now is reflect and learn for the next time. And I've realized that the best thing I can do is share this story so that hopefully, it will give one of you the courage to speak up if you experience or see a situation like this. 
It's okay to be scared to speak up. It's okay to be intimidated. But  do me a favour and have courage. And if my story helps you with doing it better, then let me know. I would love to know that someone learned from my mistake ❤
#speakup #saysomething #dontbesilent #courage #havecourage #dontstandby #speakupforyourself #metoo #singer #songwriter
