In November of 2017, OPOSSUM, a newer literary magazine, published my essay Finding My Father. It’s about finding out who my father was at the age of 32 after he had already passed. Years before this, I’d worked as a stripper, and had often been asked about my “daddy issues.” The piece explores this stereotype — how it was true and untrue in my life. 
At first, everything seemed professional, the editing and publishing process was fine. They invited me to a reading in Portland, which was lovely. After that, however, one of the editors, John Edgar Blanton, started reaching out to me inappropriately — often in the middle of the night (when I suspect he was drunk). I ignored this most of the time, but did respond sometimes, because they’d just published the only essay I’ve written directly related to my book project. I didn’t want to rock the boat. I take full responsibility for that part of this. I never should’ve given this editor the impression I was okay with him contacting me in this way. 
One night he emailed, messaged me across social media platforms, called me, left voicemail, etc. This started right before I went to sleep, then continued through the night. I woke up to a barrage. Including a post on my FB wall that read, “I miss your friendship the most.” At this point (and to this day), our entire in person interaction was at the reading I did for the lit mag. I had no idea he felt we were actual friends, and this behavior seemed extreme. He apologized via email the next day, said he was drunk, and was having a hard time because of a break up. He also deleted his FB. All of this made me extremely uncomfortable. He continued to contact me, but with more normal-ish emails — asking me about the different workshop experiences, etc. At times, his correspondence continued to make me uncomfortable, but I felt obligated to stay in touch. Though, my responses remained inconsistent. 
Soon other women started contacting me saying he’d also made them uncomfortable. I felt relief I wasn’t alone, but was sad to learn this. (Con. in comments)
