what is a body? a gift from God wrapped in skin, tied with a bow of hair. a vessel through which our spirit can interact with our environment. our pores and cells and drops of blood are saturated with our emotions; this bond between body and spirit is such a deep one that we can react so strongly when our bodies are violated. We can experience self-hatred and want to commit acts violence on our own skin and bones. our bodies are not our own, they are given to us, like our earth was, which means we are responsible for its well-being. That being said, my body is me. I have dual-citizenship in my body and my spirit. this dissonance is what causes my pain, and my life while on earth is spent trying to find a resolution for that dissonance. 
after that man raped me i wanted to escape my body. I still do. i don’t feed myself. my nails and hair and eyelashes are falling to powder. Am I woman still? am I strong and love and cleanliness and wisdom? do I have ears to hear and eyes to see? am I attractive? will I be able to have children someday? what does an adult even do on a day-to-day basis? How do I reconcile for my body trying to attack myself? When a man walks into my house that I don’t know and as I try to fold my clothes in my bedroom my hands are shaking so violently I cannot even hang a shirt on a hanger? What am I supposed to think when I see legislation that oppresses women? I want men to be forced to look at a giant, bloody uterus and account for their trespasses. See what they have done to us, the “lesser sex”, for so many thousands of years. I am the woman with the issues of blood, lying pathetic on Jerusalem streets, grasping at the healer’s hem and being restored. I am Eve, I am made in the image of the holy spirit, I am Esther, I am my grandmother and my mother and my niece. I carry their burdens along with my own lived experience. I am called to be patient, nurturing, and a loving light in the face of oppression and trauma. I must put down my knife, whether it be held to a violator’s throat or my own arm, and love instead. loving my blood and bones and flesh, one day when I can learn to, will mark my healing. This is a reckoning. #metoo
