It is depressing how these things continue to happen. 
Little girls continue to be assaulted, raped and murdered. Their families continue to be shattered by their loss. Rapists continue to be exempted. People continue to live in their ignorance. And this ignorance is termed as ‘helplessness’ – ‘These things happen’, ‘We can’t do much, can we?’. Well these “things” are not supposed to happen. 
While a 8 year old child was raped and murdered, the officials who were supposed to help chose to turn a blind eye to the child’s family. The question that arises here is why would they do that? Are cases of rapes and kidnappings that infrequent in our country that the officials were confident enough to suggest that the child may have gone away with someone she knew? Or is that they believe that the child cannot be helped anymore? Or is it sheer carelessness and lack of responsibility? We can never know for sure.
Out of those who’d read/hear about this child, some would blame these officials for taking the situation too lightly. Others would blame the parents for sending out the girl alone at night. Most would blame the inhumane rapists. 
And then what? A life would still have been lost, a family still would have been shaken. But we will blame and feel infuriated and then we’ll move on. But the family won’t.
It is essential that we spend time on pondering over ‘what after’ and the ‘what do we do now’. Only when we choose to empathize with the victims can we feel the urgency to help. And it is imperative that we feel this urgency. Yes ‘these things’ will continue to happen, but only when we do something, lend out a helping hand, will they cease. A helping hand may not necessarily mean awareness drives and candle-lit marches. It also means supporting those who have suffered this unfortunate fate. Supporting survivors and their families get back on their feet, emotionally. 
We request all the people we can reach:  Do what you can, even if it means being a shoulder to cry on.
.
.
#rape #noapothoven #sexualassault #metoo #sexualabuse #domesticviolence #consent #abuse #rapevictim #rapeculture #survivor #feminism #sexualabuse #women #sexualviolence #aneroxia #ptsd #feminist #depre
