Part 3: “Institutions tasked with enforcing the law are too lenient or downplay the severity of the plight of women and girls time and again by calling for criminal proceedings out of court though shimgilina. The police and public prosecutors have not been trained in gender sensitivity programs. They ridicule and belittle the experiences women, treating attempted rape and assault as something to be thankful for as it could have been so much worse.

Shame on the courts, public prosecutors, and the police for failing to as it is intended. Shame on them for letting this rampant lawlessness go unchecked and an environment of fear and terror rule the lives of women and girls in Ethiopia. We have missed countless teachable moments. We have let the words of the law fester in the pages they were written on and failed to use them to deter more incidents from taking place.

Shame on our representatives in parliament who saw fit shrink the civil society space and made it impossible to solicit funds from foreign sources to help work on issues related to human rights and gender equality. Results of such a move that changed the legal, policy and advocacy sphere for the last 10 years has crippled seminal institutions such as the Ethiopian Women Lawyers Association and the Network of Ethiopian Women’s Associations.

Shame on us women: mothers, sisters, aunts, grandmothers, daughters and wives, who shield the monsters living among us for the fear that we might be subject to the scrutiny and derision of our communities that are all too familiar with the evil living in all our homes. Shame on parents who would do anything for their children but have abandoned their duty to teach them women deserve respect and dignity. Shame on them for raising entitled sons who see no problem with continuing their legacy of toxic behavior that has terrorized women for millennia. Shame on them for failing to realize that their angels can be someone else’s nightmare” Art by @artxafrica Article by @thereporterethiopia #MeTooEthiopia #MeToo #Ethiopian #Ethiopia
