I’ve thought a lot recently. (Sur-freaking-prise,  Potatoes , potate and Goodey’s Ruminate)  I was genetically bred to distress and cause myself suffering easily if I’m not actively working to quiet it.  Perhaps this has left me socially withdrawing from people this week.  Each morning I’ve been scribing words and thought I would ration my thoughts to you in hopes that someone will related.  Then we shall start our very own “me too” movement. 
A handful of years ago I had a gaggle of neighborhood kids congregated at our house  mostly due to that I make “THE BEST” buttered noodles.  In hindsight it would have been the most splendid day fit for a movie.  Doors were open with dusty particle floating around in the sunshine, youngsters were noise making and laughing outside and I was in mostly quiet clean kitchen cooking to music.  It was heavenly in retrospect.  Then…. (pause you know it was coming) I received a phone call from my sister.  Mom was sick, really sick. Events twisted quickly and she being packed into a  life flight helicopter.  She asked that I leave right now to meet the helicopter in Ogden.  I phoned a neighbor and  informed there was no asking that the gang of kids we were are coming her way.  I don’t re-call even informing  her the circumstances.  In my memory she didn’t flinch just agreed and within literally minutes I was driving.  It is an understanding that will forever reside in my memory bank.  She didn’t pause wasting precious time.  She didn’t portray annoyance or judgement.  I threw a hat over my stay at home mom bun and bolted.  It was my grandpas stained trucker brown one that proclaimed “Worlds best grandpa”. I jumped in the same old white Toyota (I know we still have it, I know Jon needs a new one,  I know it is not dependable now). I’m in a old hat, an old truck that driving I barely see over the rim of  the steering wheel.  As I zoomed like bat out of hell thru the canyon and arrived in Brigham I was aghast that traffic backed up from the freeway entrance all the way back to the gas stations corner.  Miles of awaiting cars.  I put myself  in the outside lane and sped right  past drivers nicely awaiting their turns.
