I have had so much on my mind recently. None of it great, and I feel my whole personality and progress shifting away from the direction I’m going. I’m consistently doubting myself, constantly exhausted, and mentally drained.
I’m starting to think recovery made be harder than just continuing to suffer with mental illness.
When I’m calm & rational, I know that’s truly just the disease talking. That’s what makes it hard. 
I know bigger things are coming, I know where I am today won’t be a fraction of where I’ll be, and I know I trust enough in myself to make it happen. ..except on bad days. the days where I question the purpose of everything. Whether it’s questioning the small decisions I make. whether it’s questioning why I’m not doing more with what drives me, or whether it’s questioning my entire reason for being; I do it. It’s constant questions, leading to bigger ideas, more strategies to become more engaged in my life’s purpose and it never stops.
Some days I just want to take a minute to rest and breath and just have nothing but quiet, but those days lead to weeks and weeks can turn into months. But recovery is hard for this reason. I want to be gentle with myself and remind myself to be patient with results and progress. But it drives me crazy knowing I can do more and will do more but I don’t know how to do it yet.

The other hard part about recovery is truly letting go of my vices and what I have perceived as support. Taking big chances and pushing yourself doesn’t always work out exactly the first time around and to step into that unknown over and over again with superficial support is  taxing. I’ve had to start accepting that my comforts are a detractor from my progress.

I’m grateful for lunch breaks with macy, curled up next to me while I breathe and slow myself. IAnd I’m grateful I have built a trusted support system I trust to see me fall apart and then encourage me to rise again.
.
#gratitudejournal #intj #intjfemale #mentalhealth #metoo #anxietyattack #anxietywarrior #depressionhelp #depressionrecovery #depressionsupport
