#fbf Did you know I used to be 310lbs!!!! Yep!!!! I will have officially lost 100lbs in 7 more pounds. I usually don’t share when I was at my heaviest, but I wanted to encourage others out there who feel like their own bodies are betraying them. I know what it’s like to be judged and have people judge you who don’t know your story. No I’m not lazy. No I don’t eat a bunch of junk food. I have a health condition. I got so tired of trying. I started saying “I can’t lose weight because I have scar tissue and PCOS.” One day back in 2015 I was playing with my stepson, Mason, and he wanted me to run with him. I got so tired. He was so disappointed that I could not play worth him. I made up in my mind to FIGHT. Fight for him. I started eating better and working out with him. I also started #gardening . I lost 90lbs. No tricks or pills, just hard work. When I found out my now ex-husband was cheating and had another woman pregnant, I was broken. Not only was it the betrayal of cheating, it was the fact that I had this condition that cause infertility and I couldn’t have children. I sank deep into #depression . I had already had 2 suicide attempts as a teenager and young adult and I felt those thoughts creeping up again. I am only here my the grace of my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I turned to food. Everything I felt, I stuffed it down with food. I didn’t care anymore. I was killing myself slowly with the way I was eating. One day, Jesus healed my heart. My coach and good friend @jenniferbaker_ketochamp shared her weight loss success with #keto and @youngevityhealth with me and helped me get my life back. I have so much more to say, but I know I’m limited here. I just wanted to tell those who suffer from #PCOS and/or #endometriosis, you can do it. These two diseases have taken so much of my life, I’m not letting them take anything else. Yes, it’s 10 times harder for us to lose weight than the average person, but WE CAN DO IT!!!! I experience pain every single, especially during a flare up, but I refuse to let these things control my life. Since I’ve lose the weight, my flare ups and symptoms have gotten so much better. I know Jesus is healing me.
