This adventure, has been one of the best decisions I've made in life. As well semi regulating what's happening or my personal understanding of what's happening on various days of 500 plus posts has been important due too moving across the country alone. The buddy system is very important in situations like the one im in. Especially with my rights on the line, it became a serious matter of others thinking the could have it their way or have their way with my life. We differ on that. I talk about family a lot, overthrowing parts of the system holding us back from unity. Though needless to say it's been important to me. I've never understood or had access to understand my families dynamic. Though I feel it comes from a privileged place to know your family, I refuse that feeling as anything just. I suppose trying to relate on a larger community scale or global is the only way I make sense of it. Trying to make up for lost time while keeping my head on straight and staying up financially has been overwhelming. Though there's many small scale issues that when disoriented blow up to larger scale as is. I'm very happy to be growing and experiencing all of this even the harsh chaos. Don't know if this is my forever home, yet this change deserves a fair chance, which is at least 4 years. I am determined to complete that as well truly acclimate and review. That being said, I'm grateful for this time, also getting the warmest happiest loving feeling looking at the photos of my family far away. We're all growing up, I can't wait to tell them all this cause they're not on my Insta. Can't wait to hear what's good with them. Proud of my human family in the many ways of interactions that makes life worth while. Not everyone is pictured and thats ok, im just happy to see them. Itll be a minute til we can all catch up. I now have the priveledge to know my family, and I know it's more than just relatives. Happy for the fam, cheers to how and who everyone's grown to be.  #freepress #metoo #blacklivesmatter #waterprotectors
