#getfreecomic2019
#domesticviloence
#abusiverelationships
.
Time flies and trauma lingers. This is probably one of the more minor incidents that may be covered... comparatively. But it gives a decent glimpse as to the range of where these stories can go.
.
When I first started sharing these stories I got attacked by a bunch of angry white women calling me hateful and saying I needed to get help. A few months later #metoo dropped and the white ladies had their years in the sun. .
Maybe now I can speak. 
#Repost @_adreamcalledlife
• • • • •
This day, was the first day, of the final week of a 3 year nightmare.
.
I had come out to LA for a 3 month job. During my second month, my girlfriend at the time came to visit me for a week. This happened 5 minutes into night one. .
This wasn't a random incident. The relationship had been bad for years. But it was always my fault. No matter what I did, or how carefully I planned, or how much I tried to appease/anticipate in hopes of preventing any trouble, nothing I did was ever good enough. The physical violence was new, but the verbal assaults, manipulations and humiliations had been going on for years. .
2013 through 2016 I can safely say were the WORST years of my life, and I'm still in recovery from them 3 years later. I've been in heavy therapy for a while now and the best way I and my psychologist have found for me to process and deal with the things I've been through, is through art/ #arttherapy .
.
I will be sharing some of these things to see if it helps me heal, and see if maybe it can help someone else. The art will cover topics ranging from life, death, relationships, friendships, abuse, recovery, toxicity, politics, etc. And will also cover the good and funny things in my life as well. .
The art will be good. The art will be bad. The art will be ugly. And the stories will all be true. For the most part, I'll try to present them with a bit of comedy, or subtle jokes. But these are stories from my life, and it is my right to tell them. However I feel is best for me.
.
#arecordofabuse #autobiocomics #autobioart #abusiverelationship #abusivegirlfriend #arttherapy #mentalhealth #friday #spongebob #spongebobtext
