Essence of the Amazons, inspired by Wonder Woman
1.5 oz Marie Brizard Parfait Amour
.5 oz Marie Brizard Yuzu .5 oz Rhum J.M Blanco
.25 simple syrup
Juice of 2 lemons
Shaken, strained into a Parfait Glass
Topped with a housemade Yuzu Whipped Cream, a spray of gold dust, and 3 sprays Peychauds bitters
(Whipped Cream-2 oz heavy cream, 1 oz Marie Brizard Yuzu, 1.5 tbsp Coconut Puree)
I originally was going to base this cocktail on Lynda Carter, the original real-life version of DC Comic’s Wonder Woman. Then as I did some more digging, I decided to create a cocktail for Wonder Woman herself, as she is comprised of over 30 women. These 30 women are found in sitcoms, video games, original tv series, and a major motion picture, all pending their own twist to who this Amazon of a Woman really is. 
In 1967, Elle Wood Walker, played Diana Prince on the self titled tv show, and she knew she was destined for something greater. When she looked in the mirror, Linda Harrison stared back at her, a more powerful and beautiful version of herself donning the costume of Wonder Woman.
In 1974, Lynda Carter brought her to the screen as the original Amazon Princess with tremendous bravery and more brains than brain. In her real life, Carter has advocated for women in the #metoo movement, received the Lifetime Achievement Award from the Alliance for Women in Media Foundation, and has helped women through hard times advocating for health and sobriety.
In an animated version, the voice of Shannon Farnon delivered the message to stand up for truth and justice, communication, and world peace from the super heroine.
2013 and 2014 brought the revered hero to children and adults worldwide with Her appearance in Lego Batman ( voiced by Laura Bailey). Lego Movie found us with Cobie Smulders in the voice over role standing up for justice next to Batman, Emmet and Wild Style.
That brings us to Gal Gadot, today’s portrayal of the great hero. In 2016, she began the adventure in Dawn of Justice, only to have a title motion picture already in the works. Gadot gave girls and women of today a version we could never forget. Wonder Woman, the Amazon Princess who stood up against her mother to go fight fo
