_this just in: British/artists relay global sentiment. this 1985: We are the World. We are the ones who make the world a better place. There comes a time when we head a certain call, when we must come together as one. There are people dying; it’s time to lend a hand to life: The Greatest Gift of All. We can’t go on pretending day-by-day, that someone, somewhere soon make a change (James effin’ Ingram.) We all are a part of God’s great big family (Buddhist Queen) and the truth, you know, love is all we need (long island tea) We are the world we are the children we are the ones who make a brighter day, so let’s start giving (what does this even mean but the deepest sorrow in the post-Oprah doc #MeToo includes young people era) There’s a choice we’re making, we’re saving our own lives, it’s true we make a better day just you and me. (Queens.) Well, send them your heart, so they know that someone cares, and their lives will be stronger and free. As God as shown us by turning stone to bread (aw.Willie), so we all must lend a helping hand (Jarreau the/Mke/man.) We are the world, we are the children (Bruce suspected.) We are the ones who make a brighter day, so let’s start giving (so let’s start...Loggins, Messina) Woah, there’s a choice we’re making, we’re saving our own lives (Oh, Stevie) It’s true we’ll make a better day just you and me (lyme brother) when you’re down and out, there seems there’s no hope at all (broken people seek professional help that matches your value system/culture.) But if you just believe there’s no way we can fall (Huey!) oh. oh. oah. just realize that a change can only come (‘Cyndi Lauper Solo Recording We R the World 1985’) when we stand together as one (bette davis eye) We are the world, we Children are of this green and blue, we are the ones who make a brighter day, so let’s start giving (music not bombs). there’s a choice we’re making we’re saving our own lives it’s true we make a better day just you and me (Stevie, Diana, life.) we are the world (Quincy!) we are the children we are the ones who make a brighter day so let’s start giving. there’s a choice we’re making we’re saving our own lives (Dylan Studies). Ray of Light.
