Sometimes you have to go back to a place you left behind to discover how completely you've outgrown it. I can't wait to get back to New York. Recently, a good friend of mine said that trans people shouldn't be allowed to use the restroom that corresponds with their gender identity because she would personally feel uncomfortable sharing a bathroom with a trans woman. I showed her a picture of a trans woman I know and asked if that woman would make her uncomfortable. She said no, because that person looks like a woman to her. Oh, say I, so it's only trans women who can't "pass" as cis women that you have a problem with in bathrooms? She refused to admit to that, but it was clear it was true. I asked her if it would make her uncomfortable if @buckangel was forced to used the women's restroom with her, because he has a vagina. She was backed into a corner and said reluctantly that she would NOT feel uncomfortable peeing next to Buck because of his vagina. Which is a fucking lie. She'd see a man in the women's, and she'd have a fucking problem if Buck told her he has a vagina and they are making him pee in there. I doubt she'd believe him. I hope she wouldn't demand proof. Another friend argued that the #MeToo movement is bullshit and unnecessary. He said women need to shut up and stop acting like they are not already equal. When I brought up the gender pay gap and the fact that there are still places in the world where women are treated as property and not people, he said he didn't care and that's just the way it is. Then he kept insisting that women already receive equal treatment and they need to start acting like it. Sigh. People have a right to their views, and I hardcore love these particular friends. I promise you they are not bad people. No hate. It just hurts my heart to hear bigoted opinions coming from people I love, and there has been a recurring theme of some of my oldest, dearest friends missing the boat on basic elements of human decency and social progress. My circles in NYC do not drip with uninformed, unintended, hyperconfident bigotry, and I'm so ready to be swimming in that ocean again.
