Pregnant people are living beings capable of life without the reliance of living inside and from another being, unlike fetus' which aren't viable or capable of life in their own right until after 20 weeks and after the second trimester- FYI many abortions are done before this point unless the fetus or mother is at risk of death. Therefore because a fetus is not capable of life on it's own, it is not a living human being in it's own right, and the woman has more rights to her body than the foreign group of cells living inside her. If the fetus was removed it would die as it's not a baby yet. At 6 weeks fetus' have a 'pulse', but feel no pain and cannot think or survive without a host. UNLIKE cows, chickens and sheep which many anti-choicers eat. In fact these animals resemble the conscience and intelligence of 3 year old children but conservatives maintain to eat them every day. It stops being about life when women who are raped or forced to engage in incest are not allowed abortions. It stops being about life when women will be forced to suicide and to backstreet abortions with high death rates. It stops being about life when governments are trying to introduce life in prison or the death penalty for abortions. It stops being about life when miscarriages (btw 1 in 4 women experience one) will be investigated as a crime. It stops being about life when the female fetus's grows up to become living human women capable of life in their own right without a host, and is in fact awarded less rights to her body than she had as an undeveloped fetus. It stops being about life when women will be forced to give birth to babies who are chucked into the foster system and poverty. It stops being about life when a woman's life is worth less to the rest of the world than a group of cells which cannot feel pain, cannot think, has less conscience than the animals we eat, the insects we kill etc. You control your own body. Pregnant people I stand with you. 
@hellogiggles @feminist 
#womensrights #womensrightsarehumanrights #reproductivejustice #feminism #abortion #prochoice #womensrightsmovement #womensrightsmatter #metoo #rape #antinatalist #abortionlaw #reproductiverights
