TW- discussion of rape.
I may be MIA for a lil while. This world is a cruel place and sometimes its best to step out of it for ones own sanity. I am a survivor. I will always be a survivor. While i have been able to put so much at peace some days are harder than others. This past march was 16 years since my last rape. Yes last because i have had multiple with multiple attackers. Its been several years since i actually realized or remembered the date but this year is also different. This year i now know so much more. I know why although it happened inside my high school, i know why no one cared. I know why my life was made hell by administrators and teachers alike. To sum things up, my attacker was the son of an important football player and "football family", if you're from a football town or even seen the movies you know what i mean. My life was made hell until the day i left that school, that city and that state. I find it really hard to go back there. And so many people do not understand. Its hard. Its hard to not hold so much anger. Its hard to not want to "burn it all down". But now (again to sum up) i have learned several things in the past months. 1. A guy i was very close with in high school is in jail for being a pedo. 2. I helped get a racist coach from my hometown fired (yay). 3. That coach is being replaced by one of the people who helped cover up my rape, made my life hell and is related to my rapist. And now locally in my new hometown a girl was forced to go to school with her rapist who was already convicted. Instead of the school supporting her, they've made it worse. And the comments on the social media pages about it are beyond disgusting. Its triggering. Its heart breaking. I know what its like to want so badly to move on but hes still there. Still stalking you. So yeah my PTSD has been majorly triggered. I have so much i am still and probably will always have to work through. I wish our government cared as much about my vagina being violated as it does my uterus being "with child". I wish justice was actually a thing. If you're a survivor know you're not alone and your feelings are valid. And i love you! #metoo
