Samia A. Halaby (born 1936) is a Palestinian artist and scholar who lives and works in New York. Born in Jerusalem in 1936 during the British Mandate, fled to lebanon where in 1948 until 1951 then settled in Cincinnati, today she is recognized as one of the Arab world's leading contemporary painters.Since beginning her artistic career in the early 1960s, she has exhibited in galleries, museums, and art fairs throughout the US, Europe, Asia, and South America. Her work is housed in private and public collections around the world.

Receiving her academic training in the US, Halaby has also been active in American academia, teaching art at the university level for seventeen years, a decade of which was spent as an associate professor at the renowned Yale School of Art (1972–82) She also taught at the University of Hawaii, Michigan State University and the Kansas City Art Institute. At the Yale School of Art, she was the first woman to hold the position of associate professor.

Based in New York since the 1970s, she has long been active in the city's art scene, mainly through independent and non-profit art spaces and artist-run initiatives, in addition to participating in leftist political organizing for various causes.
 She has long been an advocate of pro-Palestinian struggles.

Halaby primarily works in abstraction but has also utilized a documentary-style of figurative drawing in more politically oriented works, namely her Kafr Qasm series. She has designed dozens of political posters and banners for various anti-war causes and is featured in the publication "The Design of Dissent". The development of her work over the past fifty years has been closely related to locating the many principles of abstraction in nature utilizing a materialist approach. A number of her paintings have been created by building upon the methods and forms of certain historical applications of abstraction, namely that of the Russian Constructivists and examples of traditional Arabic arts and Islamic architecture.

#samiahalaby #palestinianartist 
#femaleartist #womenartist #femalepainter #femmeartiste #mujerartista #künstlerin #artistafemenina #artistafeminista #womenempowerment #metoo
