Unbelievable. Get with the times, @ilovejuicebar. 😡😡😡😡 #Repost @cats_and_caroline with @get_repost
・・・
I would like for you all to read this. As many of you know, I have worked at I Love Juice Bar- Turkey Creek for the past 10 months. What I am about to say about this business both infuriates me and breaks my heart. We recently were put under new ownership, which took over both the Turkey Creek and Bearden locations. The shirt that is pictured was created and given to us by our new owner; he encouraged us to wear these shirts at work, planned to give them out as door prizes to our customers at Juice Bar events, and advised us to use our bodies for tips. In addition, the new owner promoted the general manager of Bearden  who has sexually harassed both fellow employees and customers. The lack of respect, condescension, and false superiority I experienced from him was appalling. We reached out to corporate, and they have decided to do absolutely nothing about it. In fact, their response was a perfect example of why people can still get away with this without consequence (if you would like to see their public response, check out the comment section of @frickleshnicks last post). So, @ilovejuicebar , I would like to ask, is this t-shirt what you want representing your company? Are these men who you want representing your company? This is not a gender issue. This is a societal issue, an entitlement issue, an issue that is perpetuated because corporations refuse to acknowledge it. All of my co-workers and I sent in our resignations. I refuse to work for a company that promotes sexism and disrespect among fellow employees. Everyone, no matter gender, deserves to feel comfortable in their workplace. Please share this if you feel compelled to do so. Please stand up for yourself, even if it's scary, even if the response is discouraging. Please don't be quiet. I stand with my brave manager Ashley, I stand with my co-workers who have turned into my family, and I stand for myself. I refuse to be treated less than. @ilovejuicebar #metoojuicebar #metoo
