In my life I was committed to family and sports but I realized I had no true committment to myself. I was in a constant state of SURVIVAL. 
Silently, I was moving through the world doing whatever I could to survive...constantly questioning whether to speak my truth or bite my tongue, settling for less and doing whatever it took to make people happy.

Then a friend practicing Ramadan, going foodless, praying consistently, during the longest days of the year (summer) I saw what was possible in a human and in ME as a man. 
I saw committment. I saw dedication. I saw integrity. I saw honor...when NOONE is looking. I saw the ability to be a superstar when the lights were off. He may not have seen it that way...but I did.

You may call it Ramadan, I saw it as a practice of committment and wondered to myself if I could do the same. 
Go without food. 
Be in a deep state of prayer daily.
Hold myself to a higher committment, my personal growth.

I decided I could, however I was conflicted by the religious aspect, since I wasnt Muslim. I asked myself, "What if you did it on your own, at your own time and in your own way?" I asked him about the practice. The reason, the teachings, the purpose. He broke it all down to me in the easiest way I could understand...COMMIT that's it.

I appreciated the break down. I sat on it for a while. Then I got reassigned from that job to somewhere closer to my place.

So I called him up one day and he asked me "What's good in life, love money?" I told him "I got fired!🤣 But I'm in a new relationship." He was like "Damnnnnn man, congrats!" I said "Yeah man, its dope." Before I hung up I told him "By the way, I'm bout to start fasting in January. No food sun up to sun down. No alcohol. No SEX!" He was like "Ok, Ok! I see you." His acknowledgment meant alot. It reminded how much making the committment was acknowledging myself. 
I started fasting for the month of January, 2004. (15 years)

I have been fasting EVERY January EVER since.

People ask me if the practice is "religious", I smile..because many can't understand devotion without religion. So I say yeah.

My "RELIGION" is my "COMMITTMENT"

Ashè-Amen
