LONG POST AHEAD. ◾Through puberty, family members would make comments on how “large” my breasts were becoming (they are average). This made me develop a complex over my breasts that I still struggle with to this day. I've always hated them and wished they were smaller. ◾During Young Womens, ages 13-15, I would be ignored or treated badly by the other girls because I dressed and looked different or “immodest”. I was constantly berated by family members to dress more appropriately.◾I would go on walks to the gas station to get treats. I got catcalled every single time on those walks. Every single time. I was 14. Men would wolf whistle or make comments about my ass.◾I got in trouble for wearing tights that were sheer and had black intricate designs on them. I was told that “the older men at church are staring”. It was my responsibility. I was 15.◾A teenage boy wolf-whistled at me in the library. I was was trying to find Anne Rice books. I was 16. A family member said “he's just being a boy”.◾
I tried reporting a student for sexual harassment. I got in trouble with a teacher for “rumor spreading”.◾Another student “accidentally” groped my breast when trying to sit down with me and my boyfriend on the couch in the hallway. I was 17.◾I was on a date with my boyfriend in Salt Lake city, we were waiting for the public transit. A passing truck full of men passed by and yelled at us “Did you fuck her? I did!”. I was 18.◾A close family member committed voyeurism and filmed me and my boyfriend being intimate without our knowledge. He admitted to wanting to use it as blackmail. I was 19. His parents act like nothing happened.◾I stopped going on walks by myself because it caused so much anxiety. I felt like an object, something to be yelled at. I stopped dressing the way I did because I thought it attracted too much attention. It was my fault. It was my fault.◾When we were getting my fiance fitted for the wedding, I had red hair. The manager at Men's Warehouse asked “Does she have a ..fiery personality?” While looking me up and down. He was well into his 60's.◾A close family friend committed voyeurism and tried to film me undressing. I had a panic attack. This was last year.
