As many of you know, my ThetaHealing practice specializes in clearing sexual trauma. I have done many, many of these sessions, and most of my clients return for more sessions on other things on an ongoing basis. Yet I was surprised by the message I got from a friend last night.

She told me that she was going to an event tonight, and that she would run into her rapist. Her anxiety levels were spiking, but she didn’t want that to stop her from going.

She was afraid that he would always have power over her. She felt weak and powerless. The bottom belief was that she was a weak little girl who would always be taken advantage of by men. 
We had to clear the resentment towards him again. In order to do this, we had to find what she was getting out of holding on to it. The lesson was that it was keeping her safe because it was keeping her from dating. She felt that she wasn’t ready to meet her soul mate...because she is a weak little girl who is taken advantage of by men.

When we cleared this, she felt like she could breathe, and is now excited to go to this event. She told me that she is ready to walk up to him and give him the finger. She felt strong and powerful. She is no longer a weak little girl.

This took less than 15 minutes and she had a major shift. I showed this to her before posting and she said it gave her goosebumps. The fear emanating from her at the beginning of the session is completely gone.

If you have been raped, molested, or sexually assaulted, please message me to learn how this trauma can be instantly and permanently cleared in under an hour, using #thetahealing 
For everyone else, I am doing an incredible Memorial Day Special. For a very short time, I am bringing back Empowerment Sessions, powerful 30 minute ThetaHealing sessions to clear one thing that is preventing you from stepping into your power. These are a great kick start if you have never experienced ThetaHealing before. Get yours now...while you can!!! #theshoshanaleah #thetahealer #energyhealer #spiritualbosslady #bossladymindset #metoo #metoomovement #whyididntreport #empoweredwomenempowerwomen #changeyourthoughtschangeyourlife #gowithin #highvibetribe #womensupportingwomen
