I walk into a gas station bathroom.

Literally seconds after I walk in the bathroom, I hear a few knocks on the door then a pause... I say "I'm in here"

After my reply a 5 to 10 second pause,

Then a series of 5 LOUD AZZ BANGS on the door.

Then I pause, smile, and start playing a game "What does the guy on the other side of the door look like?" (Cause it could only be a guy #Stereotype)

He's probably 6' or taller,

He hits the gym a few times a month,

Probably got a tattoo that he thinks makes him a bad ass,

Lol. I thought it was funny. He had no idea there was a giant on the other side of the door.

He was underestimating what was coming... Then I thought to myself: "How many times have I underestimated or overestimated the person on the other side of the door or encounter." Answer: LOTS

How many times have I had it "all figured out or knew it all"

How many times have I thought they were "too young or too old"

How many times have I thought "too short, too small, too smart"

Heres an idea...how about I use this as a powerful lesson to realize that I can change my way of being in EVERY situation.

How about I confront each interaction by just being open to possibility. 
How about I dont underestimate or overestimate potential. 
Just be open to knowing that I have the internally sources tools to handle ANY encounter.

That realization adjusted my way of being almost instantly. It was a great lesson.

So back to the bathroom door... After the "5 loud azz bangs" honestly I waited, just to make him stir a bit. #ImALilBitPetty

I opened the door... I look down at him... He looks up at me...scared shitless... Only thing I had wrong about his appearance was NOTHING! Lol

He looked at me and in his most pleasant voice he says "How ya doin" lol

I said... "Good"

He looked scared, like he made a critical error in judgement. He was tense as if he didnt know how I would respond or what I would do. He looked like a guy who underestimated the person on the other side of the door.

I just smiled. 
It was a genuine smile.

I was silently thanking him for the powerful lesson.
