one thing that i really struggled with was having to go back to the same location where it happened. i was raped after being somewhere (i know this is paranoid but i don’t want to say where because i don’t want anyone to see this and know it’s me). but i hadn’t had to go back there since it happened and that was a year ago. but a week or so my friends were going and i was going with them and it was on my mind but i thought it would be fine. but then when i was waiting to go i started to panic. I started to feeling like i was hyperventilating and my mind was racing. i tried to calm myself down but it wasn’t working. i kept trying to think of excuses of why i couldn’t go and to bail out on my friends last minute. i tried to convince myself that it would be good for me to go but it was so hard. i knew i’d have to go back there eventually and if i didn’t now i’d just be postponing the inevitable. but i was honestly terrified. thoughts from that night kept rushing through my head and i just wanted to forget. i forced myself to go and the whole car ride there i felt shaky. it was weird being back there. but the situation of being there for a party wasn’t the same since this time it was a small group of friends so i think that helped. i think that was a good step in my recovery. but still every time i think of going back there i start to get scared and panicky. but it’s summer so i know i’ll be going back there at least a few times. i’m proud of myself for getting through it but i’m scared it’s just going to keep happening. sex never triggers me which is good. i think it’s because i feel safe with my boyfriend. when i went back to the place i was with my friends which probably helped me not panic because i felt safe. whereas before i was alone and started to panic. i think the key to recovery might be surrounding yourself with people you feel safe with. which is good because i have people like that but i want to be able to confide in them and talk to them about what happened to me which i still struggle with.
