Accessibility & the importance of trauma informed care! CW: Trauma⚠️ •
I have C-PTSD & a history of medical & personal trauma. I have been in therapy for years, worked with leading trauma specialists, psychiatrists, & researchers, & participated in dozens of treatments & experimental studies.

Trauma plays a powerful role in healthcare. It can prevent your body from responding to treatment, damage connective pathways between your brain & body, & decimate your autoimmune system. For people like me, lack of trauma informed care is a HUGE accessibility issue that severely limits our access to competent & compassionate healthcare.

Finding trauma informed care is a constant struggle. I’ve had doctors mock requests for female providers, tell me that my trauma makes me “too picky,” lie, ignore safety protocols, & even participate in sexual harassment.

While I can’t always see female providers I go out of my way to find them, especially if I need invasive examinations or procedures. Today I had to go to an ENT appointment with a male doctor I’d never met so he could put a scope up my nose & down my throat to check my airways for non-existent problems. The entire appointment was traumatizing & unnecessary. The ENT knew it, I knew it, the nurses knew it. We were there because my allergist wanted proof that I was experiencing true anaphylaxis & not vocal chord issues. We dutifully played our parts, the procedure went smoothly & unsurprisingly everything was healthy.

For my doctor the appointment was an inconvenience, but for me it was a living nightmare. It meant weeks of anticipatory disassociation, flash backs, panic attacks, night terrors, insomnia, & increased internal bleeding because of stress & lack of medications. Even though nothing happened, Elliott was there, Atlas was a superstar, & it took 30mins, I will be dealing with the effects for weeks. In my trauma brain it wasn’t an appointment, it was a reenactment of every traumatic moment of my life.

While we don’t talk about it enough, trauma informed care is a serious access issue. Patients should have the right to feel safe with their providers & have their emotional safety protected. #realaccessibility
