Women have always played a transformative role in society, and the role of women in birthing new eras cannot be ignored or underestimated. Truth be told, women have been able to accomplish a lot more together, than alone. Since time immemorial, women have always been able to organize around their needs, through clubs, stokvels, etc, and this has made them resilient in the face of many societal challenges they are faced with. 
The rise of femicide in South Africa, modernization and the rise of technology, especially social media has increased the isolation of women – but movements such as #metoo have brought to light similarities in the condition of many women around the country, and indeed, the world. With all the stories that we have heard about women being abused and killed by their partners, a lot of women have outwardly and inwardly wondered why a woman would stay in such an abusive environment, detrimental for her health and wellbeing – and often detrimental to her children. Although a lot of factors contribute to this, we believe that isolation is a large part of this. The first step to abuse is, in fact, isolation. 
We want to offer women in and around Johannesburg and possibly nationally a platform to engage with other women, quarterly, to empower themselves so that they can have a brighter future.  We will not be dealing with abused women specifically, but want to ensure that women – the largest Metro in South Africa and the economic heartbeat of the continent – do not feel isolated and alone in dealing with day to day challenges. 
We want to enable a sisterhood of some sort – many people in Johannesburg are not from Johannesburg, and often, many feel isolated in their struggles, and lonely in their pursuit for financial freedom. 
Through these events, we are expecting to give women a platform to engage and initiate and build beneficial relationships with other women; give women an opportunity to learn and empower themselves, as well as create a platform for women to come in solidarity around issues pertinent to them❤
