Some people see darkness. I see stardust.// 🌌🌌 Then, I took a drawing class that semester. I was working with charcoal. I sat there on the floor and tried to capture the light coming in and out of the glass doorknob. It was a perfect prism. You had to be so careful. It was very delicate to balance the light and the dark because charcoal easily smudged and covered the smallest detail of the antique. Things I wanted to illustrate: it hurt to wrap your hand around the doorknob when you grasped it too tight. I can still feel the indents in the palm of my hand. I wanted to capture how hollow it was in the drawing. I wanted everyone to see the illusion....Turn the doorknob and it should open, but instead it stuck. Turn the handle, it would rattle inside the door frame. Turn the doorknob. Make a shove. Turn it again. I feel the impression still in the palm of my hand. I feel the frantic, electric panic. The phantom feeling gets stuck there, breathless.

It was so beautiful in the morning light. That doorknob would catch any light. I could see my reflection in it sometimes, a truth I turned into a caricature; a rag doll that was frayed around the edges. I would stare and stare and stare. I wondered why I couldn’t just walk out. Why couldn’t I just escape? In the drawing, the edges were jagged and the angles were sharp. The shadows grew tall and dark around the light. The intensity pulled you apart, scaled you against the wall. I don’t know why no one could see then the trouble I was in: I drew a door that couldn’t be opened. I drew a doorknob that couldn’t be touched, all above me. Me, looking up, gazing, fixed below. The picture growing darker and darker. With just one silver line, just a wavering sliver of hope. Some people only pity the darkness.
I see the desperation. For someone to see through her eyes. Love then was a cage. //. #shortstories #surivorstories #silverlining #empoweringwomen #empoweredwomen #successfulwomen #enoughisenough #metoo #womensrights #womensupportingwomen #womensstories #shadows #findyourlight #reclaimyourlife
