How Did We Get So Prude? 
Western Culture. The place where you're expected to have a Kardashian ass but don't you dare talk about it. Pull up porn on your smart phone 24/7 but have the common decency to be ashamed of it. 
How can it be possible for sexuality to live in such extremes? How did we get to this place? SEX. On one hand, purely biological and on the other, something spiritual mystics revere. 
What the fuck is the normal, average person supposed to do with all of this?

When is the last time you saw animals going at it with shame? Never. It was the same for humans when we lived in tribal societies. No, we weren't barbaric cavemen. We were no different than the other animals. We had our place, we were fighting for survival and we were fucking when we felt like it. 
We had a massive leap in brain development that super charged our path to the top of the food chain but we still had middle of the food chain mentality. Imagine a lion killing a giraffe. He and his pride got first dibs, then the hyenas and jackals, then when the coast was clear, our ancestors went in for their portion. We went from that to kings in a seemingly overnight evolutionary leap but our emotions didn't evolve quite so quickly. 
Sapiens had all they wanted but they still hoarded and one of the things they began to hoard was their property and sex became something associated with property. Fear is the great controller. If people are afraid, they are easy to control. Make them fear their sexuality and you can control their sexuality. 
This scarcity mentality created those that wanted to hoard power. They wanted control over others so they could feel that they had enough. Systems of religion and government began to implement ways to shame and outcast those that enjoyed sexuality. Sexuality is a powerful force and if we are disconnected from it, we are more subservient. Neuter a bull and he is docile. 
Humans still are biologically tribal beings. In our primal brains, being outcast from our tribe registers as death. The fear of being outcast for being sexual was too much and men and women both shut down their sexuality. (Finished below in comments)
