NO.
TO THE @raptors ‘FAN’ who suggests on ntl tv that ’we’ SEXUALLY ASSAULT @ayeshacurry NO. WE HAVE TO SAY NO TO THIS ATTITUDE, AND NOW. EVERYONE HAS TO SAY NO, MEN AND WOMEN ALIKE. IT IS NOT OK. AND IT IS CERTAINLY NOT FUNNY #raptorsfans 
It was 5 weeks ago today I was sexually assaulted at a bar in Toronto, a block from my home #kingwest - I was wearing this outfit. Im okay and Im safe. I was with colleagues & many supportive strangers when it happened. And the ‘powerful’ man in a suit who aggressively grabbed & groped my vagina, was arrested and charged with sexual assault. But it doesn’t change what is happening in this city, country, the world, regarding some men’s behaviour towards women. Powerful men in the USA voting on what women can and can’t do with their bodies, NO! I wish I could say in Canada, things are different. As evident by the raptor idiot, recent personal events, and many stories from friends who have been through events much worse , we have a long way to go. The @torontopolice continue to impress me with these recent arrests and I have hope. It is so hard to speak up as a victim in sexual assault and women need support of everyone, especially of the men to say no. I normally have one of the loudest voices in the room and when  something isn’t right, I can go from zero to 129dB in no time. But in this situation, I was shocked, frozen, and confused. It took me a few minutes to sort out an action plan in my head, and it was scary to speak up, but my voice effected ACTION. And ACTION effects CHANGE. When I found my voice, and as I shouted just what he did to me, people listened, men listened.  Men like the bartenders, the bar manager, the security guards, the arresting officer, the the detectives assigned, the officer who drove me home. Within minutes of my voice coming to me, this ‘powerful’ man was charged. Thankfully, the men I asked for help, helped me without question and fast. But it started with me saying said NO. 
The ‘powerful’ man & his friend laughed at me while I took their photo at the bar (& tried to smash my phone to the ground), but I promise you they are not laughing now. #metoo #sexualassault #toronto #raptors #sayno
