@carolynjwu talks with us:
What is your first memory of film?Either Space Jam or Titanic in theatres. Both blew my mind but for very different reasons 😅
Do you remember the moment that made you want to be in this industry? 
Prob the first QTBIPOC Shorts Night, a short film event I started running. At its core, my work is meant to be healing and hopefully transformative for other #queer people of colour - seeing them enjoy a film of mine for the first time, while also learning how many more of us there are making films- that was incredible.
What is the most important thing about your #job?
Challenging Canadian film as a white capitalist institution that happens on stolen land.
How have the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements influenced your role in the industry?I guess there's more momentum to talk about the truly, truly abysmal state of the film industry. This usually means a new grant for "diverse women" opens here, my films are now eligible for this new #festival over there. But I can't say that my role has really been influenced beyond having more stuff to argue with cis men about. My first job out of TV #broadcasting school was at @cbc 's Q in 2014 which influenced me much more than MeToo.What is the best thing about being a woman in the industry? Meeting other BIPOC women in film who have already been trying to tear down barriers, make things as inclusive as possible for queer/#trans & BIPOC women. Those who look around writers rooms and on sets and ask where the BIPOC women/trans/#non-binary people are. Those who care whether film environments are safe/accessible beyond the needs of cis white able-bodied women. Their work gives me hope and so much more motivation to continue doing the work that I do.
What is the biggest misconception about working in the industry?
Working in film looks many different ways. Some freelance full-time. Some get off a 12 hour day on set and run off to work a night shift at a part time job. Some get huge grants while working in retail or food services. No matter what other work we have do to survive, we all deserve a seat at the table in film “industry”.What advice would you give your younger self?Your oxygen mask goes on first.
