Hard to believe that a year ago was the day that scared me, frustrated me, made me cry but also made me stronger, resilient and reminded me what it means to be a woman today. Never imagined a place I’d devoted so much to would discriminate against women to the point where someone could admit my truth was in fact, the TRUTH. Where surveillance was proof but I was asked to “have an open heart and if this still bothers you, seek mental help.” I figured, I could fight for what is right or I could be disrespected. Nothing was resolved, just shifted. In public, I was constantly approached by past/present employees who I didn’t know w/, “I heard what you did to him”. The replacement wasn’t much better. Our very first sit down he explained to me that bc my rep was already tainted, I probably shouldn’t be there. He quickly started becoming comfortable becoming intoxicated and spreading false accusations about my sex life involving several other employees. The lies spread about me as a woman completely changed my attitude and people’s attitude towards me. I was done fighting. I started building networking and attending interviews for weeks leading up to my departure w/ the company. I didn’t want to allow sexism, lies and extreme targeting to win. It wasn’t until everything finally snowballed that I realized I’d been blocking my own blessings. I was so determined to stand up for equality that I didn’t realize my full potential was there; bitter, upset, hurt and stagnant. Less than 24hrs after my departure w/ the company, I had a call back for a management offer at a leading competitor. Just like that, the universe reminded me I was trying to make a path that wasn’t for me work. The cold truth is that as women, we learn to stay quiet before we are severely hurt. I don’t and never will regret being a voice for women. Despite the fact that having a voice came w/ a million and one punches along the way, I hope it made a positive difference for someone else. Let’s move past “she lied” or “it wasn’t THAT bad” or discussing the male’s title or accomplishments when discussing women’s rights. But let us also remember how bad ass we are and how we have a better future paved for us.
