;
***TRIGGER WARNING****
.
RAPE - PLEASE GET HELP (NO matter how long you've kept silent)
.
Why do I feel like I'm losing all control?
Times are fading, can't speak, where did you go?
I'm screaming, can you hear me now?
Tell me can you hear me?
It was a typical night, not much to do, her and her friend just hanging out in her room.
And they were never the cool girls in school, someone texted them, they didn't know what to do.
Said that they were just chillin' and watching Netflix, he said that we got some liquor, come and kick it.
He was older, they didn't think that for a second that he would ever wanna hang with them especially some freshmen but who knows, maybe he'll that we're cool and when we go back to school they will look at us differently, right?
She asked, she said she was down, they said cool and they picked em' up around the corner, alittle tipsy already, cause' they had been drinking some vodka that they found in the liquor cabinet earlier.
They had never really drank so needless to say, the thought of drinking too much, never occurred to her.
Snuck out the house then got in the car.
They said the house isn't too far away, so they parked and then they walked a little bit before they snuck into the window of one of the kids basements.
The coolest kids on the football team, and it was, five of em' all laughing.
It seemed like, everything was all good enough.
Poured the liquor and said you gotta drink outta the bitch cup now.
She was game, didn't wanna seem like, she couldn't hang, so she drank it all down and then she swigged the bottle.
By the time she looked around and couldn't find her friend, she thought something wasn't right, and started feeling awful.
This is where it all gets hazy.
She remembers being picked up and carried away to a room, it all started going fuzzy, fading in and out.
She came to it with him on top of her with his friends around, "no stop, what are you doing?
quit playing" she couldn't really move and she was so drunk but she kept saying it.
She kept saying it.
He put his hands into her pants she didn't know what he was doing, she said it again.
.
Continue in the comments...
