**MESSAGE FOR ANYONE WHO HAS SUFFERED ABUSE OR VIOLENCE** Thoughts on healing... This last week was difficult because I learned that the man will get a slap on the wrist and be free to continue harassing and abusing women. It is statistically speculated that he will escalate in his behaviors, especially since he believes he is above the law, and this latest result supports his belief. So perhaps he will snap and kill someone at some point, or more than one... who knows?

Therefore I’ve been grappling with how to move forward, how to live my life openly and completely, knowing he’s “out there” causing harm. Knowing that he could be watching and monitoring me, and my being powerless to it. HOW does one live that way? (There are many other women who have been victimized by him who live with fear and anxiety every day, that they will encounter him in our small community, that he will target them again, etc)

The ONE thing I’ve come to but I’m not yet ready to fully embrace... is the idea that Love is more powerful than hate. That Love prevails. (Some may think this is naive, and after what I’ve experienced that it’s elementary and foolish. They may be right, and that’s okay.)
It has occurred to me that if I make a practice of becoming Love, modeling it, speaking it, acting from it, making decisions from a place of Love, showing up with an open heart willing to Love inwardly and outwardly, regardless of how another shows up, then I am as safe as I can be. All else must be released as it is out of our control. It seems the only way to peace.

I am NOT suggesting that this is simple or easy. Quite the contrary, it is monumental. It may be the most challenging task in this life. How to lay down the fear, the trauma, the worry, the reactionary nature, the terror, the memories... How to heal and embody Love when one feels exposed and unsafe... I am not claiming to have any answers, but these have been my musings these past few days, since the despair and tragic fantasies dissipated. (Continued in comments...)
