Okay. Let’s get down this Rabbit Hole… 
Luna Keller is a singer/songwriter based in Tenerife. She’s quite possibly something of a child prodigy; writing her first song, a single chord symphony called ‘I can play E minor’ two days after 'borrowing' her dad’s guitar and just one day after learning her first chord - which my friend Sherlock strongly suspects just happened to be E minor. Seriously though, I’ve had another of her songs ‘Burning House’ at the top of my ‘must write about this’ list for absolutely ages now. But, because that particular song was based upon a real-life horrific experience of hers, I had never quite found the sensitive approach that I felt it demanded. 
Moving on then - anyone navigating more than a couple of my blog posts will have noticed a penchant for referencing that fine Frank L Baum opus ‘The Wonderful Wizard of Oz’. In fact, now I’ve mentioned it again this has become the fourth occasion of said penching, and frankly, that’s probably a little too much, even for a straw-headed scarecrow such as myself. So here I am, making a super-human effort to finally dispense with that particular literary crutch. 
Sadly, I don’t seem completely capable of managing too well without my paperback survival pack, but fortunately with her latest release, Luna Keller has presented an opportunity for me to wax on, instead, about the Reverend Charles Lutwidge Dodgson and his quasi-romantic novel ‘Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland’. On the face of it it’s a classic children’s book, yet also quite possibly it could also be interpreted as the repressed inclinations of some Victorian-era Michael Jackson dude.

Enough of that sort of talk though. Let’s examine instead, the premise that ‘Alice is in Love with The Mad Hatter’. This proposed relationship is actually quite curious. For starters, the Hatter is written up as seemingly middle-aged, whereas Alice appears to us as a naive young girl; a worrying and fairly obvious age-gap there then #metoo… He’s a sort of Victor Meldrew stereotype, detached from reality, and fond of annoying all and sundry. She’s a fragile thing that most likely wouldn’t harm a hair on the head of a butterfly. And of course, Hatter s
