Welcome to the INFINITY NEWSROOM, 
1. A lot has happened in past few days in West Bengal, a team of doctors in a hospital was attacked by a mob of 200 people because the doctors couldn't save an accident patient. Well this case of an attack on doctors is not new, many such cases keep happening in the country but go unreported. Doctors in that hospital decided to go on a strike demanding protection from govt against such attacks. Now to hell with democracy and their demands the CM of west Bengal slammed doctors and threatened them to return to work( we cant use those lovely adjectives for the CM of WB, who knows we might end up in jail, because fuck freedom of speech) However the doctors didnt get away from their demands and slowly this agitation has been spread all over the Country, now doctors all over the country have called for a days strike. Due to this the innocent patients are suffering and many cases have been reported where patients have died or are in poor condition due to this. Now doctors mean that fuck off the hippocratic oath but they won't resume work and commit a bigger sin and crime than what that mob did. That mob attacked one team of doctors and these other doctors are attacking the patients from all over the country. We are not saying that doctors are wrong but isn't there any other way by which they can protest( just like they do in Japan, people never stop their work but find other ways to protest) so thay the innocent patients don't suffer in this fight of doctors and govt? Please share this if you find it meaningful.

2. Now talking about a movement that has lost into oblivion yes the #metoo movement. Now Nana patekar has been cleared of all the charges that tanushree dutta accused him of, how can we trust the credibility of this #metoo movement? Why is it that if a girl alleges a man of harrassment people believe that she is right without any proofs? What shall be the punishment for those girls who misuse the power of constitution just to get some name because they don't have any talent? Shall we start a #metoo movement for men who have suffered because such false allegations. It was nana so he is safe, what if it was some common guy?
