I was 29 when I got pregnant, with a guy I really loved. I *could* have done it. After a messy decade, I had finally gotten myself on track and healed from the more painful programming of my Christian upbringing. I was just learning to treat myself with respect and compassion. My best friend was pregnant and I found myself fantasizing about when it would be ‘my turn’, though I knew I wasn’t ready. I was sloppy with my energy though, and my body wanted it enough that I let it happen. 
My boyfriend didn’t want it though. With all these “whoops” situations, my guess is that it’s very rare that the responsible male is like “No problem! Let’s do this! I’ll take care of us and it’ll be great!” Anyways, I knew I didn’t want to be a mom yet. Call me selfish, a murderer… I certainly felt that way. But to take a big picture look at everything, our biggest planetary problem is human over-population. AND I would have passed on all my issues; I hadn’t done enough healing not to. I believe in the “put your own life vest on first” philosophy - If I were to be a mother, I’d be better once I’d built a more stable inner ground.
I went to a doctor to get the pill, and discovered I was with twins. And I loved them with every fiber of my being, as pregnancy makes one do. I didn’t shy away from it or disengage. Rather, I tried to love them a lifetime’s worth of love since I’d never get to meet the people they would have become. I went home and took the pill, lying on the floor I sobbed for hours. How could I kill my children? I wanted them more than anything, to love and hold them and make them better than me… but my decision had been made. When it was time, I had a ritual. It’s not every day there’s a portal to the Underworld within your own body. It took me months to emotionally recover, but I am grateful for the intensity of the experience and to shift my inner mama energies into trying to take better care of myself instead.
I believe in the sacredness of women and I know so many women have had this kind of experience. It makes us all stronger, and it makes the world a better place to let women live the lives they need to live for themselves first, no matter what we were taught.
