Unpopular Opinions #4  1. M. Night Shymalan's Unbreakable trilogy is the third best trilogy of all time behind The Cornetto Trilogy and John Wick.
2. The Hate U Give gives the completely wrong message and is completely one sided and anti-cop. 
3. Blumhouse is just as great as A24 (not in terms of quality but in terms of what they have done and the impact they have)
4. Eli Roth is a better director than James Wan especially in the horror genre. 
5. Will Ferrell asides from Anchorman, has not been a single great film. 
6. Roger Deakins is not the best cinematography of all time and further more Blade Runner 2049 isn't even in the top 10 most aesthetically pleasing films of all time. 
7. The two best performances of all time are Woody Harrelson and Matthew McConaughey in True Detective Season 1
8. The Conjuring Universe is better than Phase 1 of the MCU. 
9. Diversity is important but not beneficial in films. 
10. There is not a single horror film in history that has been scary. 
11. Disney films are never as great or hold up after a few watches and as times goes by. 
12.  Good Time is a terrible movie asides from Robert Pattinson. 
13. Joaquin Phoenix isn't as great of an actor as people say. 
14. Roma is mediocre at best and doesn't show of Alfonso's talents. 
15. The Blackcoat's Daughter/February is the best A24 film. 
16. Spielberg, PTA, Anderson, Noé, Hitchcock are all overrated.
17. Films before 1960, though there are some absolutely fantastic films. They get more praise then they actually deserve such as Citizen Kane and Casablanca. 
18. Even before the latest season of Game of Thrones. It was always really bad. 
19. Brightburn is a better film than The Avengers. 
20. Rob Zombie hasn't made a bad film as of now. 
21. Freak Show Is the best season of AHS and Murder House is the worst season. 
22. Boring should never be used to describe a movie
23. The New Mutants still looks brilliant and I still have all the hope in the world. 
24. What once was important #metoo and #blacklivematter, have now strayed away from what their original purpose was into something horrible. 
25. 13 reasons why doesn't glorify suicide. 
What do you guys think?
