I told him, I don’t take pictures. In fact I’ve never really had a real photo shoot in my life. Okay maybe one but I lacked confidence in it for sure and cried for the day after. I even had an Unmasked Shoot scheduled and ‘accidentally’ created a way not to go. I am usually the girl that helps organize events and makes sure that they execute efficiently and effectively. .
No no no they said we need your picture now.. #sorrymom #AllMyDressesArePacked - shhhh these white pants from Walmart I’ve had for years and this black top and these shoes will have to do. {{Total cost $50 for the whole outfit}} My mind races and I catch myself feeling really insecure. 💥 Boom - catch it and throw it back....but then it comes again. What will the world think? And I start to see the spiral of insecure garbage I’ve allowed the streams of media and humans to feed me. Yuck, gross, I declare change. .
I see confidence is a subject to expand on. It clicked in my head to a memory I had forgotten .. I had a mentor when I was young she used to tell me that all of your actions today are SYMPTOMS of tomorrow. And I know you would like your tomorrow to be confident and healthy so You will need to act in such away today that will give you the disease you want tomorrow. Then she’s say, You laugh but being dis AT Ease in any way simply means You’re learning and your growing and there’s a gap between what you want and what you have now. Closing that gap and finding the right words to influence yourself to create more of what you want more often than not will not only feel exhilarating and empowering it will allow you to share you gifts. .
Some days I believed her and some days I didn’t but it really never hit me until this day in this photo. 🚨 Sirens. I’m learning and I’m growing and there’s a gap between what I want and what I have now. Closing that gap and giving myself permission to find the words that are effective to create an influence on myself to get what I want more often than not feels empowering and can be done now, this very moment. Who says you can’t start over every 30 seconds.. only you. Call it what you want to confidence is contagious and does spread. So does the opposite.
