Post 1: Ok this is a serious public service announcement. I'm not normally one for serious posts and I don't really talk about this incident that happened to me very often, but I won't be able to live with myself if I find out later on (via the news) that this guy actually hurt a woman. My hope in sharing his pictures and story is to warn other women in the Philadelphia/main line area about him, so they can steer clear. So here it goes... 7/8 years ago, I started talking to this guy online and after only a few short conversations via text, we decided to meet up on the day after valentine's day at the wegmans in Malvern, PA. (In retrospect, I should have trusted my gut instinct when I initially started talking to him because he was making creepy comments and the conversation was very scattered and incoherent). So before we met, he texted me to wait at my car for him so that he could give me a gift he had bought for me. So I stupidly waited there. Next thing I know, I see this homeless looking psych ward patient walking towards me...his clothes didn't match / fit, he had army shoes on, a snoopy tie, a huge jacket, and his eyes were protruding from his head in this intensely creepy stare. I immediately get a bad feeling in my stomach. He then hands me a dozen dead roses and a half eaten box of chocolates. I'm taken aback and don't know how to react, so I just thank him and quickly throw them in my car. I should have left at that point. But I'm too polite. We then walk inside wegmans. He halts right when we get inside the doors. I look at him and ask him if he wants to get something to eat. He stares at me with his eyes still bugging out of his head and he says, "Yeah, but first we should go get a cucumber to shove up your pussy." Again, in shock...I just say, "What?!" He realizes I didn't receive that well, so he tries to laugh it off and say that it was a reference from the movie, "Animal House." I tell him I've seen that movie a dozen times and that is most certainly not a scene in that movie. He just laughs and walks over to the food to get pizza. We sit there and the entire conversation is him clearly lying to me and telling me he's in med school and that...
