I’ve suffered unimaginable pain in my 36 years. As a teen, I was a sexual assault victim; in my mid-20s, my infant son passed away; and, 9-months later, my brother (my bff) passed away. These are not the only traumas I’ve experienced, but they were the big ones. I’ve been lied to, cheated on, & made to feel worthless by more than one person. Everyone said that growing through these tragedies would make me stronger. They made me bitter, mean, closed-off. I ate. I ate. I ate. I tried to fill all the holes in my soul with food. It never seemed to fill me, so I kept eating. I knew that as I grew bigger and bigger I was only damaging myself more, but I subconsciously thought that I didn’t deserve more. I do. I deserve so much more than the hurt that I allowed to define me. So step one was to finally shed myself of my eating addiction. I tried many different things, one time successfully losing a lot of weight, only to gain it back tenfold. So yes, I took a drastic step (VSG) & never looked back. As the fat comes off my body and things like collar bones, knees, cheekbones, & jawlines show themselves, I gain back a little piece of who I was meant to be. More fun, spunky, social, athletic, engaged in the good feelings life has to offer. I am not defined by my size, but I was using food as a weapon of self-destruction. This tool was not an easy way out. I have to exercise a lot. I have to control my portions & make good food choices. “Those are the same things anyone else does to lose weight. Why bother with the surgery?” The short version is because I couldn’t & wasn’t doing these things before the surgery. I failed and there are consequences for that failure. I’m losing my hair (it’ll grow back in a few months). I have scars on my stomach. I throw up when I push my stomach capacity too much. But, every single bit of it has been worth it. In the five months since the surgery, I’m down 81 lbs. The downside to all of this is that I haven’t yet found a good coping mechanism that isn’t food. This is another goal for myself. As I soften & allow myself to feel, how will I cope without food to turn to? #vsg #metoo #bereavement #foodaddiction #coping #personalgrowth
