Often times we come across some advice in the self-help books and think "yes, I already do that!" yea, it happens to #metoo.

For this post, I wanted to talk about "OWNING OUR THINGS" and I mean everything, tangible/material, intangible/immaterial.

The example I have chosen from so many example is simple and related to the colour of the post, green. 😅 I'll try my best to get my message across 
A long time ago, my mom got my sister and I some cloths, supposed to be tailor-made. Both of our cloths were green, different shades of green. My sister got a really nice dark shade of green with light green flowers printed on it and I got a colour which was a cross between dull olive and lime green. 
I could have gone into a annoyed mode and filled myself with unwanted, unsatisfactory tick or convinced my sister to exchange the clothes (but it wasn't an option because the sizes were different) or any other possible option, like talk to my mom saying I don't like it and maybe we can another cloth (but what if I didn't like the next one, either) or I COULD OWN the cloths, ACCEPT them and love them and I chose the last option.

I accepted them, I owned them and talking very positively about them, "oh I really love the colour, oh the patterns on this " and I started believing it. I actually started seeing them as a beautiful piece of cloths. Not only that, but even my sister and others started liking the cloths and my sister liked my cloths more than her own cloths which was not the case before! I still have the clothes and I still love them.

Now some people might think, "ohk, but if your cloths were actually pretty and you didn't know that" (and maybe they were) or "well, this is good but can't be applied to other areas of life" (tbh, this example can be applied to anything in life and i live by this example). All our flaws, all the things we have, we have to learn to Own them with our hearts, love them and accept them and trust me you will see the change. Once you start loving all the things about you and truly loving them, you will see the other people will accept them, too. After all, if you won't accept yourself, who will?

#thoughts #mythoughts #love #loveyourself
