Hey everyone. I am sorry for my unpredictable behaviour over the past few weeks, I am sorry if I have annoyed anyone or left anybody with concerns. Please know I am okay, I'm safe and I'm coming out of the dark place where I hide with my pain. I'm learning I never should hide again. In all honesty, I've been really struggling and I often forget that I do have the strength to overcome this. 
I plan to use this account as a sort of visual journey for self discovery and reclaiming the things I feel I have lost from within myself.

I'm going to be open and honest about the things I am comfortable with sharing, things that are personal to me and not involving others.

@jbdfam will remain active for sharing snaps of Brooklyn and Darcy's lives. Please follow there if you just want day to day stuff. 
This account will be 100% Jess. 
Not holding back, not feeling ashamed of who I am or what I do, or what I like, or dislike, or what I believe, and what I have lived through.

Get to know me for real. 
No more people hanging around waiting for a version of Jess that they can tolerate. It's me or nothing 🌹

So...
I might post 1000x a day or not at all for weeks
I will talk about my opinions and beliefs
I will explore my personal history, my heritage, my culture, my memories, and my mind.
I will talk about the environment and what I believe we can and should do for it
I will talk about animals and why I am vegan
I will talk about textile waste and fast fashion and my journey to understand ethical consumerism

I will talk about my mental and physical health

I will talk about #metoo

I will share obscure nerdy references that nobody understands
I will be sarcastic and satirical
I will be happy and energetic
I will be depressed 
I will be clean and glowing
I will be a messy train wreck
I will sing
I will cry
I will be an adult and a mother
I will be immature and childish
I will be nostalgic
I will daydream and fantasize about the future
I will share nice things
I will share not very nice things

I will be honest.
I will be me.

#rediscoveringmyself #recovery #mentalhealthawareness #metoo #endthestigma #bpd #youmatter #lifecanbegoodagain
