Trigger alert 🚨
.
Sooo, I've been quiet on my page for a few days. And there is a good reason for that. Actually quite a few good reasons.
But today, I'll talk about one of them.
*
My family decided to visit DC for the Memorial Day weekend. So we did. We stayed with friends.
The first morning there I woke up at 6 am. It was a gorgeous morning, so I decided to take my morning walk around the neighborhood.
My husband is a light sleeper and I didn't unpack the night before, when we arrived, so I just slipped my dress I wore the day before, took my cellphone,
put my headphones on and walked out the door listening to @oprah ’s inspiring @supersoul podcast.
Our friends don't live in the perfect neighborhood, but it's still decent.
Long story short. I was admiring flowers in small gardens in front of the row houses in this neighborhood, 
I saw a woman working in her vegetable garden. I crossed paths with a couple gentlemen and passed by a fenced park with what seemed
to be a community garden in the middle of it :-D
It was a sunny, warm and quiet morning filling with a sense of fresh from the morning dew. Just what I needed before the noise of the day woke up and took over our lives.
And then something unthinkable happened.
As I was walking and enjoying Oprah's wisdom I heard a sound. It was getting louder and louder, but by the time I noticed it was getting closer to me and turned
it was already too late.
There was this man who raised his hand and slapped me on my bottom and ran away scared as fast as he could.
*
To make matter worst, I just had passed a half of block away a police car on duty.
And when I ran after the offender, stopped by the police car to report what happened, the guy who was on duty responded in the most apathetic, uninterested and unalarmed way to the occurrence.
He was also young, just like my offender.
****
Continue reading in comments...
.
.
.
#womensrights #metoo #health #selflove #women #womensrights #notyourbodynotyourchoice #notyourbody #womenmarch #justiceforwomen #justice
