We've all heard of Pancho Villa, the Mexican revolutionary general. But few of us have heard about María Elisa Martiniana Griensen Lozano, the remarkable Mexican woman who faced down 15,000 invading US soldiers in Villa's defense, and drove them from her village of Hidalgo de Parral in Chihuahua, Mexico in 1916.

Griensen was born in the same town in 1888, to an Austrian father and an indigenous Mexican mother, the youngest of eight children. When she was 4 years old, her parents died, leaving her and the others in the care of the oldest sister. Times were hard for eight years. When Griensen was 12, the eldest sister married a wealthy mining tycoon and their circumstances changed as he cared for the whole family.

In 1916, Pancho Villa raided the town of Columbus, New Mexico. This upset the US so much that General John J. Pershing sent 15,000 soldiers into Mexico to find and kill him. They got word he was in Griensen's town.

Pershing ordered the troops to stay outside the town to wait for Villa. But Major Frank Tompkins defied the order and led his men into the town, where they ransacked homes and businesses, raped women, beat and harassed people, and set up an illegal occupation.

Griensen saw that the mayor was doing nothing. She went to him and asked that he defend them. When he still did nothing, she took matters into her own hands. Griensen held a public meeting in the town square and rallied the townsfolk, women and children mostly, to fight back, with sticks, rocks and whatever else they could find.

Griensen herself confronted Tomkins, with a rifle she took from their own stash.

Incredibly, she was able to drive him and the entire the US Army out of the town. As the soldiers marched out, women leaned from their upper windows and dumped chamber pots on their heads.

This defeat is considered one of Pershing's greatest failures.

Learn more about her in my forthcoming book, KNOW US BY OUR NAMES: 100 INFLUENTIAL LATINAS WHO CHANGED THE WORLD, coming Sept. 23 from Eugenia Books.

#Mexico 
#revolution
#Latina
#womensrights
#womenshistory 
#latinas 
#hispanic 
#history
#feminist
#feministart 
#metoo
#bookstagram
