10 years old Farishta got raped and killed. She could have identified the alleged paedophiles so they preferred to kill her and burnt her body too.

But why did three years got killed? Although she was raped but a 3 years old can't really identify her rapists so why did they prefer to kill her?

This question is worrying me since many days but couldn't find the answer.

This post might get ignored by many of you guys but tbh I am writing this to spread awareness.

An international child pornographic website name dark room pays its agents for streaming live. Now what do they actually stream?

Agents kidnap children, get connected to the customers, these customers ask the agents to rape the child the way they want. Then ask them to torture the kids, cut their organs, burn them, rape them more. In short agents do what customers ask em and then these videos are sold to the customers after getting uploaded on the official website.

Agents get 200-300€ for each video and this is how both website and agents earn.

Last year a man got arrested in Sargodha and unveiled all the details as he was also working for this website. Then in qasoor zainab got raped and killed, now Farishta and many more children are suffering everyday.

Now the question is how to watch videos or to become a member of that website?

It's really easy. Download some vpn and other softwares that won't let detect anyone about your search history just get entered into that website pay 0.01 bitcoin pretend you are a paedophile and there u go.

You can become a customer and an agent it's all up to you.

Now if someone asks why would an international website be interested in such things? Or people are responsible for their own sexual behaviour and no one can pay them for this then tell me a thing..... Psychology says we have two types of needs 1) Primary and 2) Secondary.

Today Pakistan is facing a huge economic declination, people are starving, unemployment is common. In such a scenario, when primary needs are not getting fulfilled why would anyone want to get inclined towards sex?

I want each and every one of you to share this post on your wall spread awareness so that people may come to know...
