On June 11, 2013 my life was changed drastically. I remember this day like it was yesterday. I was volunteering for the Calgary Afterschool Program while @robbnash hosted a private show for us in the evening. After the show, i sat down with Robb and shared my story and my struggles. From that moment on, I felt FREE! 
I will rewind things a bit and share one of the worst moments of my life and where my struggles started. (Please no hate or judgement on this post, it took a lot of strength and courage to share this with you.) Most people try and avoid this topic, but I am tired of this being an avoidance. The only way people are going to open up about it is if others start to share their story and experiences as well. No matter what has happened in your life, do not forget you have a voice and if you use it, you will be heard. #metoo

My life was going pretty good and easy up until grade 8. I was sexually assaulted by a grown man who I trusted, along with my family. I'll be honest, he was like a second dad to me because my dad was very sick during this time and I relied on this man a lot. I was speechless when I was sexually assaulted, especially knowing his wife and kids were under the same roof while this was going on. It is disgusting. He told me not to tell anybody, but I knew I needed to tell someone. I called my sister right away and her and my aunt and uncle came and picked me up. Eventually, this man received the consequences he deserved. 
This situation made my life miserable for two to three years and everything went downhill. I got depressed, started to self harm, got an eating disorder, low self-esteem, suicidal thoughts and much more. 
Fast forward to a few years later on June 11 2013 when I told Robb Nash my story. I made a promise to Robb that I would come clean to self to self harm, get help for my eating disorder and to rip up my suicide note. I am happy to say, 6 years later on June 11, 2019 I am still clean and making everyday count! (With me sharing my story with Robb, I am now comfortable sharing my story with others openly) 
Thank you to @interpipeline for letting me have the chance to share my story. Youtube link is in my bio.
