Separate an Art from its artist, it's becoming a sensational debate after the tornado of #MeToo. Fall of icons, when our beloved artists/inventors/intellectuals/philanthropists turned out as fascist/homophobic/sexual predators in their personal lives, more like a counterfeit, their cherished social images broken into pieces. The people who adore them go through a depressive state, it shakes their beliefs and drags down their hope in humanity.

The philosophical treatment of the Dark Knight (2008) orbits around this conflict. When Harvey Dent became Two-Face and did horrible things, Batman tried to keep away Harvey's transformation from public attention since Harvey Dent has a heroic image among the citizens of Gotham, and the truth of Two-face would collapse the faith within them. I like the name Two-face, it's metaphorical and literal.

I had gone through such a breakdown when my years of fanaticism towards Gandhi and Teresa was de-constructed by Ambedkar and Hitchens at the beginning of my twenties, it was very difficult to gulp such that my whole teenage was constructed in some falsy heroic pride and ideas. Since on, I have tried to build an iconoclastic framework to approach the intellectuals and artists, sounds skeptical and impracticable, but my conflict started from this question, why do we construct heroic images to people?  It's an absurd and dangerous practice we do, when an icon of celebrity/intellectual collapses it also smashes down the follower's faith as well. The worst case is when a follower/fan/admirer started to defend their cherished icons at any cost. Still, philosophers are divided on Heidegger and Nazism, but that's a different case study though.  I have objections regarding building a society on blindfolded beliefs and pride like what Batman did for Gotham. According to me, it should be better to encourage people to be skeptical.

Practice iconoclasm at a certain level, not to save humanity but to save yourself. .
.
[Image 1:  A probe sculpture used in Angels & Demons (2009)]
[Image 2: The Dark Knight(2008)]
[Image 3: Sherlock: S01 E3]
[Image 4: The Italian Job(2003)] #iconoclast
