In the making of a victim, the things we say and the behaviors we exhibit, also known as messaging, can be extremely traumatic for a child who is stuck in the cycle of sex abuse. Whether we intend to hurt the child with our words or actions is irrelevant because they process their interpretation of what we say and do through their own lens of understanding. This is why our words and behavior are critical to reassuring our children that they matter to us and we value their safety and wellbeing over anyone else's.
As Jeannie Mai and her mother continue to recount Jeannie's experience of child sex abuse at the hands of a cousin, her mother makes the statement that she loved the cousin more than Jeannie because he didn't have parents and essentially needed her more. She went on to say that she just couldn't believe he could be capable of such behavior because of all the things she (Mama Mai) had done for him.
To be clear, we ARE NOT judging Mama Mai in any way. We will say however, her choice of words stung a bit. When a child is being sexually abused, they really grapple with why no one sees their pain. Once they disclose and you don't believe them and/or you defend the abuser, you are sending a very clear and a very traumatic message; you care more about the abuser than the child. At least this is how the child the child interprets the message.
So how do we change the messaging? We first have to reassure our children from birth that they are the most important people in our lives and we will always protect them, even if they need protection from those whom we know and love! Then we must believe them when they tell us someone is hurting them or making them uncomfortable. Anything short of that sends a clear message that they are alone in the world and leaves them completely vulnerable to their current abuser and any who may come along after them. This type of trauma can lead to so many other things including the child running away, substance abuse, promiscuity, mental health issues, the inability to sustain healthy relationships, suicidal tendencies and more. Tomorrow..Trickery and deceit
