CW: Verbal Sexual Harassment. I gotta get this off my chest...its messing with my heartbeat. "I'm not flirting with her! I'm not!", he said, all smiles to another customer. No, he wasn't flirting; it was Harassment. He'd walked in an hour early with questions, which I answered, professionally. I took a sip of water, spilling some on my shirt. "Is this a wet t-shirt contest?", he said. I think my face probably looked confused, I think I hid my shock. I don't remover if I laughed it off, but I was nervous. People don't usually use that tone at work. I thought he would stop. But as I nervously went to take another sip, I spilled more on my long sleeve shirt. He was still speaking. I was still in shock, not quite hearing properly, my brain tuning back in to hear him say, "Sorry if I'm making you wet.". Smirk, entitled Smirk. I tried to opt out. I spoke with other customers, panic beginning to creep in. I knew this type of man. He wore a suit. I suggested he change before working out. "Are you trying to get me out of these clothes? You are? I have no problem getting shirtless.". I'm in full auto-pilot now. Adrenaline is creeping in. I'm not safe, in a place I usually feel safe. I was scared to call out the behaviour because what if it made it worse? What if it escalated? My heart rate is rising. I'm still trying to work, to ignore him while not being rude. It's a balancing act, but I live in a female body. We walk tightropes with our eyes clothed in compliance, masked in smiles and gritted teeth. It's 2019, and he's speaking as though it's normal. My body and mind are seprated now, flashbacks of past incidents occluding my vision. He's reaching far across the desk. Touches my head. My curls on both sides of my face. As though he is entitled to touching me. I'm blocking it out and breathing. He goes to class. I have a panic attack. I don't answer when he asks what my plans are later. I no longer hear his voice, my brain has edited it. I make it to my friends,  crying as soon as she opens the doors. She hugs me, without words. 
This cannot be. #metoo
