“And I was running. Fast and furious through a forest full of cotton candy pink pine trees. Running from what I still wasn’t certain. Something in my mind was buzzing. The only thing I could think was to run. I heard a faint voice screaming in the distance, and a crash of glass falling to the floor. Suddenly I was rocketed out of my dream to the realization that the screams and glass I had heard weren’t a product of my imagination, but my boyfriend flailing in a night terror. Before I could get out of the way, he swung wildly in my direction and connected with my chest. I gasped for breath, instantly aware of the room and the man deeply entrenched in his subconscious flash back fighting for his life. I scrambled to escape his reach but before I could, he grabbed my arm and pinned me down, wrapping his hands tightly around my throat, the fire in his eyes something that could be felt as well as seen in the dim light. At that moment I threw all of my strength into fighting for my life. I clawed at his hands, and my knee came up and connected with his chest hard, knocking the wind out of him. Momentarily his grip tightened before he snapped out of it, and released me. I rolled away from his as fast as I could and in my haste fell out of the bed, coughing and gagging as I hit the floor. I lay there for a moment, catching my breath and waiting for him to settle back into sleep. When I heard the soft heavy breathing settle into a normal rhythmic pattern. I pulled myself up off of the floor and stumbled out of the room and into the bathroom. I stared in the mirror, examining my neck for bruises tears welling up in my eyes. I wasn’t afraid of the man I loved, but I was scared and concerned for him. He never remembered his night terrors and I couldn’t hold it against him. Still, part of me was wondering why I stayed with him. The scared teen girl who had inadvertently fallen for this battered, bruised, crazy, beautiful, intelligent, mysterious, captivating, and troubled man.” Now on Amazon! Link in bio! #kindledirectpublishing #kindleunlimitedbooks #kindlestoryteller2018 #kindlelendinglibrary #metoo #mentalhealthjourney #memoir
