There is so much to say about this unsettling book about settling the scores by #susanchoi.

In terms of the novel’s setting, an arts high school in middle America, at first, it felt to me that Choi had simply chosen a random container within which she could allow the cross-sections of gender, sexuality, race, age, and class to overlap, snarl-up, and influence the lives of those “acting” out their societally assigned (and in many cases condoned/encouraged) roles. I’ll admit that I didn’t realize until turning the final page that the setting was intentional.

As most of the narrative action takes place on stage, in rehearsals, in acting classes, or at post-production parties, Choi carefully positions the reader as an audience member watching a drama unfold. To ensure we (the reading audience) are afforded the best view, Choi employs multiple narrators, each blowing up the previous speaker’s version of remembered events. They are each different enough, and similar enough to make your skin crawl every time a bit more of the picture is revealed.

As I learned more about each character, the ways in which they consistently withheld elements of their own experiences became clear, and I had the unsettling physical sensation of being an actual audience member stuck in the dark, unable to intervene and wishing beyond reason that the play would at least end soon, so that I didn’t have to watch these characters being forced, forcing themselves, or consciously choosing to withhold information both from themselves and others.

As disturbing as it is to be rendered helpless by a novel, it was when the book finally did come to an end, that the real shock occurred. Just as the lights came up on my real life, I suddenly remembered that what Choi depicts isn’t fiction, but is instead a dramatized account of what plays out in gender, body, class, race, and sexuality politics very day. 
Unless we find a way to claim the narrative, Choi seems to be saying, we’ll always be stuck in this (power) play.
