Raising a child while being in the adult industry is a challenge.  I’ll admit it.  There was no “bring your child to work day” or “bring your parent to school for career day”. And I was kind of bummed to have missed those things.  Or not be able to fully disclose my profession to him for fear that he wouldn’t understand or reject it.  He’s a smart kid.  He started asking questions when he was 8 yrs old. “Where is your office” “ what do you do there” “can I come to work with you” “why do you work so late” and all those things.  When I was in the prime of performing, he’d wake up when I came home, usually dressed in latex catsuits and he was curious. He thought I looked like a super hero.  So when he started asking the questions, I started answering them.  Subtly and in terms I hoped he’d understand.  I said I made movies where I was mean to people while I was dressed in the outfits he had seen me in.  His response “mean...like Chucky?” That was good for a chuckle.  No. I don’t kill people.  I just raise my voice and punish them.  And make them behave better.  And that it was all just for pretend.  His knowledge was a slow build up from there.  But each time he asked a question, I told him truths.  Never lied. Ever.  Over time, he and his friends started seeing me on TV.  A 1000 ways to die was popular among them at that time.  So was the pistachio commercial.  When his friends would comment or make weird remarks, his response was “yeah, it’s weird.  It’s what she was doing before I was born, it’s what’s she does now.  And apparently she’s the most famous one so it’s seems like she’s good at her job”. As he’d shrug his shoulders, and redirect the conversation to “so what does your mom or dad do?” I taught him that everyone has a path to walk.  Guided by their own moral compass and it was important for him to walk his own path. With confidence and without apology. “What ever you do, do it for you, be the best at it, work hard at it and enjoy it.” Like I have.  Now that he’s 18 and an adult, he gave permission to finally be seen in my world. He even asked if I needed summer help at the store before college starts. So you may see him around. His name is Nova.⭐️
