💛 This piece means a lot to me and I was first debating whether to delay posting it until I have build my audience but well, I got to start somewhere and like I have said in my first post I want to dedicate this account to the things that are truly making me authentic and the things I believe in and stand for.
This art piece is of the beautiful @selmablair and her son Arthur. 
I've seen Selma in many movies while growing up, back then I'd usually would fangirl her co stars like Reese Witherspoon and Sarah M Gellar and while, don't get me wrong, I still adore them as well, Selma is now the one I am fangirling hard. But for many more, and more important reasons, than just her acting work. She's a warrior! She's one of the main people that inspired me to start speaking my truth about how I was a metoo victim before metoo had a name, while trying to make something of myself in the music industry, chasing my American dream, at only 17. It haunted me ever since and I never got justice. She was one of the first women sharing her story and giving me courage to eventually doing the same. And of course people may say its easier for her because she is famous, which might be, but still, her vulnerability and her actual fear for her abuser and still speaking up encouraged me to so many levels. I am currently working on getting my truth told, turning it into a manuscript, which is so fucking hard to do but every time I want to give up, Selma is one of those main people whom without even knowing, is giving me that strenght to go on.
In that aspect she already became such an example but then she started to share her brave journey while dealing with MS and raising more awareness for chronic illnesses. Yet, another thing I so strongly relate to. And with all the struggles Selma has, she's still such an amazing mom to her son. You can just tell by her posts and stories, she's so full of love and patience. I, too, am a mom and I hope, despite my struggles, I can be as good as a mom as Selma is.
I hope she gets to see this post and my art for her. It's unlikely considering I just started this account but a girl can dream right? If anyone wants to tag her in this post, please do!
