I have a good man in my life. This doesn’t mean he’s perfect or that we don’t come to blows over ridiculous & inconsequential shit. It doesn’t mean our marriage hasn’t weathered epic storms & near fatal crashes. He’s a good man in my eyes because he’s committed to profound, earth-shattering growth - his own & ours in partnership. He’s a hard-working, aware participant in his conscious evolution. We’re both stubborn AF but he doesn’t think he’s always right & he’s better at saying sorry than I am when he’s wrong. He’s still learning what it authentically means to be a man & what it is to embody the masculine in a post-feminist, #metoo climate - figuring out how to honour his own needs whilst acknowledging the needs of women like me, his daughter, his female colleagues. He doesn’t dismiss the pain, trauma and grief of the feminine - he understands why it exists & how much of it has to do with the masculine. He acknowledges that at times he’s unconsciously been a part of the problem but now knows he’s part of the solution. He’s an accomplished leader - of himself, of others & of this family. I trust him to make the right decisions. I can trust him to honour my wisdom & intuition and the choices I make - sometimes without even fully knowing how I make them. From the 7th to the 10th he’s off to the 2019 Sydney National Men’s Gathering with a bunch of other beautiful, brave blokes who aren’t afraid to get balls-deep in the soup of their own personal shit instead of hiding from it or pretending everything - society, our systems, the planet - is hunky dory when it’s clearly fucking not. 2 weeks after that he’ll be at a meditation retreat. He’s working to not repeat the sins of the fathers & grandfathers who stumbled along before him. He’s committed to learning, to brutal self-examination, course-correction, unfoldment & healing. I feel challenged, honoured, held, given space, seen, supported and loved.  So here’s to you @chris_zumwalt, here’s to the men like you who are stepping into, & embodying their masculine with grace & strength and who aren’t afraid to embrace the feminine - in others & in themselves. #divinemasculine #divinefeminine #balance #goodmen #yinyang
