The way Obsessed was turned into a reductive portrait of a fading diva who should never have gone up against one of the world’s “greatest rappers” is emblematic of the challenges we’re still grappling with when it comes to taking women's experiences seriously. Particularly for Mariah, her ‘diva’ moniker means she rarely gets the credit she deserves for her artistry. This is despite having either written or co-written 17 of her 18 US number 1 singles -- more than any other singer in history. In an interview with V Magazine, she acknowledged this, saying: “A lot of people see… this diva; they see hair, make-up, body and clothes… they don’t think songwriter. But I look at myself as a songwriter first, and then a singer.”
When asked about #MeToo last year, Mariah revealed how she coped with situations of controlling men “by turning a negative into a positive”. Which is what she did with Obsessed – she turned one man’s ongoing harassment campaign into a top-10 hit. But she also, purposefully or not, captured the way our misogynistic society tries to vilify and discredit women who speak out.
Ten years on, Mariah’s still dispatching those unworthy of her company with her trademark wit on songs like GTFO. Meanwhile, Eminem’s recent music and behaviour, including a lyrical takedown of Trump supporters and apologising for using a homophobic slur against Tyler, The Creator suggests he is willing to adapt to today’s changing culture. But that doesn’t mean change is also coming to the wider music industry. Men remain the dominant gatekeepers in the industry. Whether that’s as label executives, managers, radio DJs, critics, journalists and even musicians themselves, men are still very much in control and can exercise their power and influence to shape (or hurt) a woman’s career. The industry’s complacency in responding to cases of male violence is symptomatic of just how institutionalised misogyny is within the music industry. It’s everywhere and not nearly enough of us are challenging it. Mariah Carey, and all women, deserve better. i-D MAGAZINE 2019 #mariahcarey#god#family#day#jesuschrist#metoo
