I have a lot of feelings on the topic of #MeToo and sexual assault at the events of Momocon so if this is triggering continue to scroll past! It’s gonna be a long post.
—
At the My Hero Academia panel, voice actress Monica Rial had someone ask her while filming on his camera if she “admitted to lying about Vic Mignogna committing sexual assault.” It was a HIGHLY problematic and inappropriate question and Monica just said nope not talking about that, next. The next day while in line to meet Deedee Magno Hall, a (probably) 20-something year old person was non-stop talking about how he’s appalled Vic could have his reputation ruined by people like Monica and it’s sensitive for him because he too is a victim of false allegations. RIGHT after he said this, he asked to take a picture with me as Sadie Killer (to which I said yeah sure) and kept asking me to stick my tongue out. It was a weird pose for me so I barely stuck it out but he kept asking me to stick it out further like Jean Simmons. Then he looked me in the eye and said “Did you see how far I can stick my tongue out! And my friends wonder why I don’t have a girlfriend.” That right there is a form of sexual harassment. You can’t reference sex to my face and say it’s a joke. It made me highly uncomfortable and I couldn’t tell him that because I was just trying to stay in a good mood to meet Deedee. And it shouldn’t be my job to tell him that’s not okay either. Men who continue to not believe women will never understand how damaging that rhetoric can be. Another Spidergwen cosplayer had a badge on her butt that said “if you’re taking a picture of this, you don’t have my consent” and my first thought was: badass. My second thought was: yikes I hate that this environment enables that behavior to the point where she wears that badge. And none of this is against Momocon! I mean the anime/video game/comic community as a whole has some work to do. Anyways this was a long rant and I can explain further if I need to. Believe women. Stop microaggressions. Stop harassing women. Protect trans kids. Watch Spiderverse. Floss.
—
#spidergwen #spidergwencosplay #gwenstacy #gwenstacycosplay #momocon #momocon2019
