This final Summer Safety Tip is dedicated to sex, drugs/alcohol, and music.
Let's have an honest conversation for a minute. Many adolescents will use their free time during the summer months to explore their sexuality. Whether they have boys or girls over to your house while you're working or they find themselves at someone else's house, they may decide they want to take the next step; be it kissing, touching, oral sex or intercourse. The point of this post is to bring awareness to the role that drugs/alcohol and music may play in this process.
Please remind your young people that regardless of what their favorite song or artist may portray, consent is ALWAYS required. Remind them that an intoxicated or high individual cannot consent, so if one or both parties willingly partake in drug/alcohol use or consumption, that is not an automatic invitation for sexual contact. Remind them that sexual assault occurs when consent is not given. Remind them that clear verbal consent should be the standard and if at any point, their partner seems unsure, pulls back, or flat out says no, all actions must cease. There should be no coaxing, convincing, or forcing. Remind them that either party can withdraw consent at any time.
The other aspect of this discussion is making sure your adolescent understands that even if they willingly consumed drugs or alcohol and was subsequently sexually assaulted, they shouldn't feel shame, blame or scared into silence. Sexual assault is never the victim's fault, even if they participated in risky behavior preceding the assault. Let your adolescents know they can come to you and trust that you will help them and not blame, shame, judge or punish them even if they were involved in activities you don't  approve of.
This isn't about advocating for teens having sex, this is about understanding that our young people will sometimes engage in behaviors we don't approve of, but at the end of the day, they shouldn't be victimized and forced to stay quiet about it because they fear our response.
Young people are exposed to sex and sexually explicit materials so regularly that we must have these conversations about healthy sexual exploration and consent.
