Everything seems lost at some point.
You can only see life in black and white, no nuance to color your life.
Everything that is normal for others becomes a challenge for you, yet another battle to overcome, a war that seems impossible to win.
How can you defeat something you can't see? Something you can't tackle on equal terms?
You have two choices: live fighting or dying surrendering.
Many times I would like to give up, too many times I would throw in the towel, why should living be so hard?
I, like so many people, I experienced something terrible, as it is a sexual violence perpetrated over the years, which started when I was still in that period of life that everything should be carefree and cheerful and vital, I was only six years old. Many years spent in silence, in fear. At the time I had a goal: to protect my mother, who had just been operated on to the heart. I wanted to protect the woman who gave me life, stealing the truth from her. Stealing from her a pain that would have killed her, I took it upon myself in the light of an oppressive silence. After that period, I thought I had already struggled for a lifetime, I was wrong. The disease has occurred. A bastard disease, which is invisible to the eyes of many, but which slowly kills those affected: fibromyalgia.In my case, unfortunately, there are other situations that make the disease worse. I ended up in a wheelchair, with an extremely reduced mobility, with a chronic pain that is perhaps equal to 100 lashes per second, all over the body, constantly. But could all this be enough? Obviously not, because today there is the specter of cancer that grips the mind. Fear, frustration, pain, helplessness, loss. You become a heap of so many emotions to feel oppressed. You do not see ways out, the darkness that covers everything, every smile, every moment of happiness. At this point, what do you do? You have two choices: live fighting or dying surrendering.
I'm still in the balance between the two choices, but I'm trying to stay attached to this life that has never given me anything. Such as? Continuing to dream and to hope. Why? .. Continues in the comments @kingofbingo @alyciajasmin #pain #fibromyalgia #abuse
