Right now, as Im writing this, I can say I am happy. And Im so scared by that.
It is so so fragile and so rare that I almost don't want to acknowledge it. I want to keep it all for myself and never admit how hard it was to get back to this place and how scared I am of losing it. But then I remember I used to look out for posts like this. In fact I still do. These little bubbles of hope that would pop up on my feed would sometimes make the difference between a manageable day and a day that broke me.
There's genuinely nothing I can say that hasn't been said before and I can think of a dozen people on social media that can phrase this better then I ever could. 
But for the 6 of you that still actually follow me (hi mum! 👋) I hope this reaches someone who needs it. 
I don't have any answers and I still don't trust myself to give advice. But I will say, last night was my last session in Trauma Therapy and I spent it eating cake with my best friend. 
I started to cry the moment I realized there was a time when I didn't think I would make it to that moment. There were times when truly I wished I was gone and I am so grateful that I got to eat that stupid piece of cake. I didn't even finish it so I'll have to eat it again tonight and most likely cry about it all over again. And I can't wait.

I'm glad I'm still here. And when a day comes where I don't feel that way anymore (and there will) I want to read this and remember this sad piece of victory cake. And I don't want to keep it all to myself.

I know I'm not done. This won't even be my last experience with therapy on this topic. I have a lot of work to do. And a lot of healing I need to allow myself.
I still have my anger, but now I have a place for it to live. I still feel afraid, but I no longer feel afraid of being in my own body. I definitely still feel lost, but I'm also in my twenties so I think that's unrelated. 
I'm not fixed. I don't need to be. I don't need to forgive anyone to find peace. I give that to myself.

Tonight, think of your lowest moment. Remember a time if you ever thought you weren't going to make it. And then remember you did.

Then eat cake with me.

#stillhere #metoo #letthemeatcake
