I Will Find You by Joanna Connors 
This is a #metoo story just before Me Too exploded. 
It is a rape autobiography. #rapesurvivor #thesestoriesneedtobetold #ibelieveher
#Rape is life defining. It splits you in two; before and after. It's trauma you never get over.

The rapist told her at the end of the attack that he would find her. I like how she turns that threat around and decides to find out about him. As a journalist she is well placed to investigate her perpetrator. I'm fairly certain she would have confronted him if he hadn't died in prison. Confront her demon. Ask why? #whyme #stopvictimblaming 
Faced with a dead end Joanna searches for people who knew him. She wants to understand what lead him down this path. What she uncovers is tragic. The rapist's father was vile. What he did to his children and women in general was violent and abusive. No excuses but more a reminder of the cycle of violence, especially towards women that exists in society. 
The book highlights how rape victims are treated differently based on race and socioeconomic backgrounds. Her rapist's sisters were also raped but they 
think they deserved it. She tells them no. No one does. But what do you do when society has in place structures that say if you are certain type of person (women in particular) you have more or less rights than others? 
They were all victims. And she will ever forgive her rapist. There's a loss there worth mourning. It can't be forgotten or suppressed. Even though that's the message victims seem to receive even from fellow victims. Detachment as survival.

It's interesting that people try to deny or repress their rape. Society seems to encourage it. However much you think you're succeeding so many everyday choices are informed by it. The way Joanna brought up her children was heavily influenced by her rape. Overprotective to obsession. It's not till her daughter is deciding on which university to attend that Joanna decides to tell her children she was raped. (Joanna's rape occurred on a university campus). She tells her son and daughter separately. They respond lovingly and slightly differently. They finally get their mother and upbringing.
