Here are some of the truths about being in the world of modeling  and answers to some of the questions people ask me about my job. •No you don’t get to keep the clothes unless you have an agreement instead of getting payed you work for the clothing. Which is usually one piece, and something I don’t do.
•I do eat and my diet consists of what I want, and my mom will vouch for me on that one, but I work out hard almost daily to stay within measurements. • Yes I have been in situations where I have felt uncomfortable with unwanted sexual advances but knowing where to draw the line and using my voice have put the creepy in their place.There is also a secret list models share with each other that warns about who to stay away from in the industry
•You don’t make money over night. Jobs are inconsistent and clients have the right to pay you 30-90 days after you shoot. So a lot of models do in fact have money, invisible money until the check is in hand. •Not all models are “bitches”, I have met a lot of best friends on set. Don’t get me wrong you do come across the  stereotypical pretty girl who thinks  everyone should worship the ground they walk on but the good outweighs the bad within ratio. •Not all jobs are as glamorous as they look, we are just good at our job and know how to hide brutal conditions we are put in. Most seasonal wear is actually shot in the opposite season, so swimwear is usually in winter on the beach and winter is usually in 80 + degree weather. Wind, sun, bugs, rain, and temperatures never come as advertised. • “how do I get into modeling?” Is one question I get from big eyes and eager hearts almost daily in my inbox. It takes everything in me to not tell them to run the other way and find something else to pursue but to be honest that isn’t what I would have wanted to hear 10 years ago if that’s what someone told me. You have to really want it. You have to have thick skin and be good at hearing no. Rejection is daily but success comes with believing in yourself and never giving up. If you love what you do you are willing to put up with a lot of bullshit. Self love is mandatory, practice is necessary, knowing your self worth is everything.
