I know I'm at this point a week late but last night I finally saw the live action remake of #disney #aladdin2019 . Now I went in with the mindset of dont go in with the original animated classic in your head . Judge this film on it's own merits . Disney has had a hit or miss track record with these remake but while the Jungle book is my favorite of all of them this come a close second . Still doesn't mean this film has problems I just walked away thinking this wasnt as bad as I thought it would be . The movie doesn't do but so much to justify its existence outside of the studio maybe wanting to cash in on there beloved animated classics that people have nostalgia for but it does just enough to make it an enjoyable film. While nothing well ever make me forget #robinwilliams as the genie #willsmith was better than I thought he was gonna be . When Smith was announced as the genie I was fine with it because they got somebody that isn't gonna try to be Robin Williams.  The actor that plays Aladdin was good in the roll but for me #naomiscott as jasmine stole the show for and gorgeous.  I always thought princess jasmine was the prettiest of all the Disney princess and for Scott to be as gorgeous as her animated counter part is 🤯 . Even with her new song speechless that everybody is calling the #metoo song it works in context t of the movie but my only issue is its placement in the mo ie made it feel awkward but still love the song . For my negative the actor that plays jafar didnt work for me . Iago in the film didnt work for me. some of the music numbers and action set pieces were good but some felt flat . Even climatic fi al battle wasnt as good as the original.  In the end this film has its give or take and it's not my favorite of these remake but I still had fun watching it because it knows it's not gonna live up to the original so it takes its strengths put em mostly In the for front to make a sastifing film...I just can't fully say it's worth money but I was still digging it so I say just dont pay full price , watch it at matinee and you wont feel like you wasted your money . #moviereview #moviebuff #filmnerd #marvel #disney #disneyrenaissance #aladdin1992 #mcu
