So I know I posted back in January some of the reasons I subconsciously made myself invisible by gaining a shit ton of weight. I was reminded today. Twice. I can handle men looking. It can even be extremely good for my ego. I can't handle rapey looks, gestures and disgusting comments that make me afraid now to go walking alone. My husband was even with me, both times (same guys) and I think they were trying to provoke a fight. They almost got one. & hes not too confrontational. It really pisses me off. I expect to be able to leave my house, in tight work out clothes & NOT be sexually harassed to the point Im afraid to be out alone. If I were still 200+ pounds, I wouldn't have to deal with this shit. And if anything ever happens to me, I'll get blamed because of what Im wearing, what I posted on Instagram, or what the fuck ever else. I have intentionally made myself look as unapproachable as possible, since I was a teenager. I did it because I would get this uncomfortable harassment and it was my way of self protection. It didnt work. So I gained a shit ton of weight (I didnt want to be looked at). I want to be looked at, respectfully though. Most men I notice looking are not harassing me. This was blatant, rapey behavior. It's the reason I don't want my16 year old out alone. And these guys seem to live on my walking route. I cant go that way anymore. I'll haveto walk past my kids dads & stepmoms house instead and they'll think I'm stalking THEM! Im really fucking upset. I've been sexually harassed by a former employer when I was 17. I had a guy try to force me to have sex with him at 14. I had other similar harassment experiences. I had a boyfriend do some things that I know now were...I don't want to say the r word but we'll say should not have happened because I very clearly said no and stated my limits. That was a long time ago. But it kind of explains my depression and downward spiral and significant weight gain/not wanting to be seen. I'm not going to let some disrespectful assholes ruin all the work I've done to get where I am now. I look good, I should be able to feel good and look good without worrying about being harassed or worse when I leave my house.
