Last night around 10 pm, I was walking through Bushwick with @corinnespence. From a block away, on the opposite side of the street a group of men in a car started to scream at me. “Hey! Hey you! Hey you, you bitch! Orange pants bitch, you hear me?? I know you can hear me bitch!”
.

We kept walking in the opposite direction. My eyes cast to the ground. The car made an illegal U-turn and pulled up on the street next to us. “Yes I would fuck that shit up, you hear me bitch?! You wanna sit on this dick?” Corinne put her arms around me and we kept walking. “Oh you better not be a dyke. You gay? Come sit on this dick, I’ll teach you.” Finally, I stopped walking. I was nervous, but I just really didn’t want to listen any more. I looked at the car, with Corinne’s arms wrapped tightly around me and I said in a calm but tired tone, “Can you please just stop?” Immediately one of the other men in the car shouted, “I’m sorry, have a nice night!” And then the car peeled off into the distance. .

I am so grateful that that is all that happened, but also so confused as to how as soon as I said no, I received an apology. Why, once I expressed a boundary did this group of men realize that their behavior was totally inappropriate? As a woman, I have received street harassment since I was 12. I have been surrounded by a group of men in the Paris Metro and had my clothes pulled at when I was 18. I’ve had my ass and boobs grabbed in bars, festivals, and on the street multiple times, I have had disgusting things yelled at me at all hours of the day, and I have been followed more times than I can remember. But last night really scared the shit out of me, and their immediate withdrawal of their threat once I asked was almost mind-boggling. I pray that those of us who have agency to set boundaries in those kinds of situations have their boundaries respected. My request could have gone a very different way. And you breathe, shake it off, keep walking. But conversations about street harassment have spread far and wide across social media for years, and here we are, still experiencing this BS. Sharing this story to remind my male followers to never speak to women like that, online or off.
