Embrace the fall on your face 
Again...
And again...
And again! 
I don’t think it’s possible to learn crow pose.... without falling on your face. 
Tonight, our CEO @brianundy @justpruvit asked us to go to a state of gratitude and write down what and who we were thankful for. 
Mine started out pretty standard... and to no surprise it started by writing how thankful I was for God, my three boys, my family, @jnelyson , my business family, church family, and friends. 
The very next thing I wrote caught me off guard. 
I wrote how thankful for the struggles, the falling on my face, the ugly divorce and situation I’ve been in, the daily battles, and all the challenges I have faced. 
Because EVERYTHING I have been through and that has been done to me, has lead me up to this exact moment! 
This exact position! 
You see, what has been done to me, has actually been done for me. 
Because despite how awful things have been, Without it, I would have never had the opportunity To understand God’s love and faithfulness to the depths I do today. 
I would have never cultivated resilience, perseverance and strength. 
I would have never had the opportunities to walk in what I am today. 
I would have never built the relationships that I have.

I wouldn’t know my capabilities and pushed them to the limits. 
I wouldn’t be in this ground breaking business. 
I wouldn’t have the most incredible team of business partners. 
I wouldn’t be living this insanely blessed, joy filled life. 
I wouldn’t be the leader, mother, friend, sister, daughter, one day wife that I am today. 
I am stronger because i have fallen on my face. 
Or maybe more like kicked over onto my face. 
I love my life! 
I can hold my own in crow pose, because of the falls, because of the weakness, because of the uncomfortable. 
So tonight I am grateful for ALL the ugly I’ve been through.... because truly it has lead me to this exact moment, this exact position, this exact strength and joy and peace! 
So tonight i want to remind you, even in the darkest, remember there’s always a way out! There’s always something you can glean. 
There’s always an opportunity. 
Embrace the falls.but never give up
