Have you heard the term before ? It was quite popular last year with the #metoo movement  in prominence. But did the metoo movement helped all the victims of sexual assault. I guess no, it only helped women who were public figures, who could afford to come out bravely. What about the other victims (including men women and children) who suffered, they are still either suffering or living with the fact that they were assaulted. It takes a lot of courage to speak up against the culprit. According to a survey conducted by Indian Bar Association in 2017 about 70% women who experienced sexual assault at workplace did not report the harassment by their seniors because they feared repercussions. To contain the situation the central government enacted Sexual Harassment at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 with the objective of creating a safe and secure work environment in both the organised and unorganised sector. But still we fail to create a safe environment for everyone. Even men have faced sexual assault. 
But let’s talk about children in particular, a report in 2012 outlined that 2 of the 3 children in India have been sexually abused. Some at school, some at a public place and some at their home itself. I was a victim of sexual harassment myself when I was around 11. At that time I couldn’t really figure what was happening, was it right because it felt disgusting. I was afraid of every stranger, men in particular. Didn’t wanted to leave my parents even for a second. Culprit was my teacher. Did I speak up ? No, I did not. Sometimes my mother even asked me but I didn’t know if I should tell her or not. It affected me mentally and physically both. Now I regret not telling. Often the children are so traumatised that they attempt suicide or try to run away ending in a much worse situation. In regard to this the central government passed The Protection of Children Against Sexual Offences Bill, 2011 on 22 May 2012. There is also a helpline called the Child line, no – 1098 to help the children. They can contact them 24×7.

Continued in comment section.
