PLEASE READ.
I never thought I would be writing this. I’ve always seen myself as very strong and bold. My parents have always been very accepting of every path in life I chose that may not have been very usual for someone my age in India. Like everything else, they’ve also accepted my choice of working as a social worker and not doing something directed towards earning only money. 
Yesterday around 8:00pm in Old Rajinder Nagar, I was on a vaccination drive for the stray dogs in Block 4. I was getting dogs vaccinated because I had been bitten by a Rabid Dog day before and he passed away after biting other dogs in the area. 
For some of you that may be familiar with the area, Rajinder Nagar is full of small lanes which have streetlights that barely work. 
I was wearing a short-strappy romper.
I was petting the strays and having a nice day because of successful vaccinations, when another guy entered the same lane. 
The dogs in that lane ran towards him like they knew him, so I didn’t think i should care. I continued filling water bowls with water. 
The guy was about half a foot away from me. I suddenly felt he was staring at me, and I turned towards him. He had his pants off, his erect penis hanging out of his underwear, in his hands. He was jerking off looking at me in an extremely scary way. God tell you, I have goosebumps while typing this. 
I froze. For about 5-7 seconds, I turned just my neck to look around if there was anyone in that small, dark lane that could help me. There wasn’t. He pulled a string from my jumpsuit and tried to touch my breast/waist. I shouted in pure horror and fear. He ran away. At present, I have no idea who he was or where he lives. I can only describe how he looked like and how I want to break his skull in two. I never thought I wasn’t safe until yesterday. The slight thought of what else could’ve happened to me has scared the soul out of my body. 
I have registered a complaint in my local Police Station and described what he looked like. 
I’m also disgusted by how many people think it’s something so normal. It’s really not.
I don’t think I’ll ever be able to go for a rescue in late evening or at night alone again.#metoo
