So I'll just  give you the basic understanding of what feminists want? 
So Urban or Rural, educated OR uneducated liberated OR not at one point women DO FACE ISSUES! And  I mean some BAD SHIT TROUBLES Be it harassment, gender inequality, discrimination, unjustified wage gap, forceful Marriage,  Majority Womenare targeted to honour killing, early Marriages, Jirga, wasted degrees (Because they aren't allowed to do jobs) 
Dominancy just have different degrees but it exists everywhere. 
We get subjected to many restrictions In the name of honour which has killed so many dreams all these decades. If you talk about equality and respect they'd often tell you,  we respect you cause you're a daughter, sister, mother etc is women is made to get respected for having a certain family tie? That's selfish. Respect them for who they are.

Respect them as a person respects another person.

So feminism rose so many questions in minds of men,  like ; do they support homosexuality, 
Are they lesbians?
Do they support nudity? 
Do they hate  men?
is it about Inslaving men? 
The uprise In crime rate, and reported harrasment cases #Metoo movements rose an outrage towards current condition of the country, questioning security of women in at home or in public.
So women spoke up about harrasment, sexual assault,  and even cyber bullying openly which Triggered not just men but even some women misunderstanding the whole concept and some even assume that Feminists support "Nudity" 
Although its basically about "Not getting harrased and abused no matter what you wear"  remember that those predator's eyes don't even spare a niqaabi/ Hijaabi 
That's the concept
Some believed it's about “snatching" freedom and demanding dominancy 
which is never the case.

That's Completely WRONG.

Women struggle, Fight is for their own Rightful Justified space in society, Economic Rights, Educational rights, Gender Equality, Freedom of choice, Right to work, Equal wage, Lawful Property Security leading to Empowerment.
Although Islam gives women more perks then men but our culture/ traditions are just in denial..
So? 
Would u call yourself a feminist? 
Tag an Anti-Feminist 😂!
#Feminism #Pakistanelite
