(TW: sexual assault) Hi my lovelies. I'm very sorry for being inactive. I'm kind of bad at committing to things 😅. Anyway this post is a very important one for me as it marks a milestone in my recovery. I'm going to get intimate with you guys in this so bear with me. As you can see I'm wearing a black tank top. I know I've worn one in my previous posts, but this time I actually wore it out in public. This is a big deal for me because I was wearing this when my assault happened. It was kind of a big part of my assault, actually. When we were laying together, Dominic roughly pulled down my tank top straps, exposing my breasts so he could grope them among other things. For months after I couldn't even touch the fabric of that shirt without having flash backs. I felt like I would be exposing myself if I wore the tank top again. The first time I put the tank top on after my assault it took me 10 minutes to get it on. I had to pull it on little by little to let myself adjust. I never thought I'd cry while trying to get dressed. I've been able to wear the shirt more and more, though. Last night a few friends and I went to a bar and I wore the tank top and you know what? I felt great. I felt sexy. I felt happy to feel sexy. I didn't feel the shame or fear that usually comes whenever I start to feel good about my body. After my assault I felt that any expression of my sexual side would be me "asking for it." Logically I know that's not true, but after trauma like this your mind is clouded. I'm very proud of myself for being able to wear this again. I love tank tops and with the warmer weather coming up I was terrified I'd be covering up my body. Dominic is slowly losing his grip on me. That makes me so happy. I'm slowly but surely gaining my body back. Also the fact that I used his name twice in this post is bonkers. I can never say his name or even type it most days. Today feels different though. I guess I've just been struggling with the thought of him so much I'm kind of just tearing off all of the band aids right now and exposing myself so I can normalize these seemingly taboo things. I'm proud of myself tonight 💕 #metoo #assaultsurvivor #rapeawareness
