I just wrote my first blog post on www.breehopecoaching.com about how we need to listen more, especially to our children. Yesterday a friend shared with me how a high school student in her community was sitting by the pool this weekend getting high. She started to strike up a conversation with him when he responded that he didn’t want to appear rude but his friend just committed suicide. He told her he feels responsible because the friend called to hangout and he told him he couldn’t because he was also dealing with depressed thoughts. My friend asked if I thought it was a good idea for her to teach him how to meditate so he doesn’t resort to drugs and can find a way to cope. I said, in all honesty kids today have so much to say and all they need is someone to listen to. Meditation is great but listening can be far more empowering. Being heard. 
I am aware we, as humanity, are uprooting so much. Previous lifetimes and thousands upon thousands of years full of SHIT. We are speaking of taboo subjects, witnessing hatred and confusion in the media. AND kids are exposed to all of it. They are aware of what’s going on but we don’t speak with them about it. Why? Teachers can only share so much without crossing a boundary, parents have their own stuff coming up and don’t know how to share, questioning if it’s age appropriate. We had stuff going on when we were young but can you imagine what it’s like for them with social media, #metoo, #abortion, #anotherschoolshooting They have all had friends or someone they know, possibly them, who have been affected and they want to speak. So meditation is excellent but we need to learn how to listen so kids can release what they have been storing- so the energy can move- so they can be heard. l#suicideprevention #socialemotionallearning #activelistening #besilentandlisten #lovechildren #educationconsultant #parentingcoach #relationships #energyhealing #energyinmotion #supportourchildren #lifecoach #listeningiscaring #paradigmshift #transformeducation #youthadvocate rp @thegoodquote
