I believe you recognize things in others when you’ve lived them.  Energy is everything, is very real, and is much louder than words.  It’s an unspoken connection.  But it only remains unspoken until someone finds a safe place and the courage to speak up. •
I have found that place, have been that place, and will continue to be that place.  But I need to speak bigger and louder.  Because my heart breaks a little more each time someone recognizes me as that place.  Because I know they’ve also been there.  So, so many have been there. They might still live there, it might happen again to them tonight, or tomorrow, their children might witness it, you may be the first person they have ever told.
•
And you had no idea, right? He seemed like such a nice guy, right?  I get it, thankfully you haven’t been there so it’s hard to understand.  And you probably don’t want to consider the fact that things like this actually happen, closer to home than you think.  But shame on you for doubting, for not being a safe place, for sharing any other story than the brutal truth as you gossip over lattes. •
It is sickening how many have been there with me, and each time someone opens up to me I know I need to find that courage to speak bigger and louder.  It might be your yoga instructor, the checkout girl at Target, your child’s teacher, the girl who served you your Cabernet last night, the one who made your latte this morning, or even the one across the table from you sipping hers.
•
All those girls were/are probably smiling.  Because that’s what we do, until we find our safe place and we realize we don’t have to fake smile and keep quite anymore.  So please, even if you haven’t been there, be there.  Be someone’s safe place, get them a latte or Cabernet, listen as they wipe off that fake smile, then sit with the tears, let them crack open and still continue to be that place for them. Even if you haven’t been there, just be there. 
#strongerthanilook #icantkeepquiet #metoo #throatchakra #tellyourstories #speakyourtruth #brave #warrior #whatdoesntkillyoumakesyoustronger #nobodyputsbabyinacorner #vulnerability #strength #heal #grateful
