Today we would like to introduce not only an #HPWInspiringwomen but one of our next Event Speakers, Dimitra Manis, Executive V.P., Chief People Officer of S&P Global. @deemanis ———————————————
She is a progressive thought-leader with over 25 years of global experience in Human Resources, focusing on transforming the Human Resources organization into a results-driven, business-focused collaborative team. Prior to joining her current role she was the SVP of Global Talent for The Estée Lauder companies. Dimitra held senior leadership roles in Thomson Reuters, OpenLink and AXA Group, where she transformed talent strategy and succession planning globally. Dimitra also held HR leadership roles at Nike, Village Roadshow, Nortel, and ANZ Bank. She has traveled widely and worked in many countries. In recent years, Dimitra has transformed herself into a New Yorker, enjoying the city’s culinary pleasures and cultural activities with her family.
.
.
What are a few tips for getting your resume noticed when applying for jobs?
Make sure it’s clear and easy for recruiters to find what they’re looking for – especially your skill set and accomplishments. Put your most relevant experience at the top of your resume. And go through internal referrals to make a personal introduction to the role you are interested.

What are some important but often overlooked Do’s and Dont’s of the interview process?
Show confidence and not arrogance. Be yourself and dress appropriately for the company and the role that you are applying for. Think about your audience and who you are interviewing with when preparing for your upcoming interview. I would suggest to not bring up pay or vacation days. And do not show up late!
——————
She will be a speaker at our next event on June 10th “The Power of Our Voice” with will focus on the era of the #MeToo movement, the rules of the workplace are changing  for women and men. Dimitra and the rest of our panel will discuss legal/policy issues, and how human resource departments are addressing sexual harassment to empower and drive transformation. Go to our website above to register today and read her interview.
.
#hellenicprofessionalwomen
