Sara Cabrera-Aragon answers our questionnaire:

What is your first memory of #film?

#Disney movies on #vhs, my sisters and I used to watch them over and over again.

Do you remember the moment that made you want to be in this industry? Tell us about it.

Being in an introduction to film class in #university, it was the first time I was made aware of all the parts that work together to make a film. One of the first #movies we watched was Crash and I was fascinated by the way the story was constructed. I knew I wanted to play a part in a form of storytelling with that kind of impact.

What is the most important thing about your job?

Figuring out how to best tell a story. 
How have the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements influenced your role in the industry?

The #Metoo and #TimesUp movements have helped amplify the voices and stories of women in the industry. These movements have reminded me of the strength and resilience of women the world over. And these movements inspire me to continue to carve out a space for myself and the women to come in this industry.

What is the best thing about being a woman in the industry? 
Getting to know other really kick ass women in the industry.

Who is your mentor? 
I don't know that I have just one mentor, but there have been a number of women who have helped by being good examples of what it means to go after what you want.

What is the biggest misconception about working in the industry?

That it is impossible to get into. It takes hard work, perseverance and time, but if it's what you want, it is achievable. 
What advice would you give your younger self?

To believe in myself more. 
Who is your favorite woman in the industry? Why?

Geena Davis, she is such a strong voice advocating for and affecting change. 
Independent film or Hollywood?

Independent Film

What is your favorite genre of film?

documentary

What is the last movie you watched?

Grizzlies

What is the last song you listened to?

De aqui no sales by Rosalia

What is your biggest passion outside of film?

Reading, cooking and flamenco dance...all equally.

What is something you can’t leave home without?

my phone.

#womeninfilm
#editor #producer #documentary
