Today has been a year since Kate Spade ended her life.  This is what I shared last year.
.
This is my first Kate Spade bag - it is 18 years old! .
I had gone to the annual Susan G. Komen walk in Chicago in October of 2000.  My mom came with me that year - 3 months prior to receiving her diagnosis of breast cancer (she is still in remission, knock on wood). Kate Spade had partnered with Susan G Komen that year and there was a raffle to sign up for a free pink Kate Spade bag.  I, of course, signed up and didn’t think twice about it - I’m not one of the people who win at raffles .

It was a few months later that I received a box in the mail.  When I opened it, I was shocked to find this beautiful pink leather Kate Spade bag with the price tag on it.  It took me awhile to realize it was from the drawing.  I had won!

I was nearing the end of
the 1st year of my 3 year divorce process at that time.  I was completing my intensive post-doc and trying to figure out how to be a single mom.  It was a very stressful time.  I momentarily thought of selling my beautiful pink (I love pink!) Kate Spade because the cash would have been helpful.  My mom, who was always practical, shocked me and thought I should keep the bag - she said I should enjoy a little nicety with all I had going on.  So I did 😊

That bag came to me when I was in a tough spot.  It allowed me to remember that I deserved good things (I’m not referring to just materialistic...) and that it was good for me to still dream and go after my dreams.  It reminded me that I would get through this rough spot.  It gave me hope.

I love Kate Spade bags and accessories.  I love the classic designs and the whimsy.  For some it is just an overpriced bag.  For others it is cute but not necessary.  For me, it was reinforcement that my situation would improve and that I could do it. 
My bag is pretty worn.  The seams are coming undone and the leather is stiff and worn.  I haven’t carried it in years but I still have it and cherish it.  Thank you to Kate Spade 💖(cont’d in comments)
