It's a lifestyle not many understand... (read on) 
Entrepreneurship. A big word to most and a scary one to say the least, has a lot of people viewing entrepreneurs as risk takers and those who are "crazy". Modern society is confined to the idea that you grow up, go to school, then go to college and work for a business that derives from the education you spent thousands of dollars to achieve. Then, work your entire life paying off college debt meanwhile, you are to save, get married, have kids, and eventually retire. However, as this route is not being viewed in a negative aspect... It is no longer ideal. 
Let's take a step back and take a look at the bigger picture versus what we have been taught to know. We are no longer in the baby boomer era. Today anything is possible with the "American Dream" but I see it more as the "Technological Dream". With the internet suffocating every aspect in the business space (taxis vs uber, brick and mortar vs Amazon), we must adapt. Trust me, the internet is bigger and better than it ever has been, and opportunity is at every click. 
Ask yourself how you would teach yourself something you are not capable of doing? You would either, YouTube "How to..." or take out your phone and search it on Google. The internet wins again. Now, let us take that exact philosophy and use it towards commerce. If you want to purchase that ugly sweater you find so cute, you whip out your phone and either go to your favorite clothing website or you compare through Amazon... Again, the internet wins. 
Technology today provides so many advantages to what you can do and learn. We can reach people instantly, search a million things, and replay our favorites over and over again. Which brings me to my opinion on entrepreneurship vs the old fashion college route. Unless you're going to be a doctor, lawyer, etc., find what you're good at and learn everything you can about it through your resources. Find the happiness behind it and go out and fucking kill it. Do whatever it takes. The internet will provide your online education (the biggest niche in today's onlinesphere) to teach you how. Put the work in and create that lifestyle or business you dream of.
