Am I doing ok?

Am I enough?

I can’t give them what they want. I can’t give them their Dad.

It was actually me that made the decision to leave, so not only can’t I give them their Dad, I also made him go away.

I’m the bad guy.

To be honest, I’m often the bad guy but I know that one day they will understand, but for now we have to go through the motions.

And this shit is hard.

I underestimated it completely.

I knew it was going to be difficult, but what I didn’t expect was just how tough is was going to be.

The last 8 months has been the most heart breaking time of my life but also the most happiest.

It’s a confusing time, they know things are better, they actually prefer it this way but they have lost what they knew.

They have lost a parent within their home and they miss him daily.

And the parent that is here, is stressed, is tired, is losing her shit a little quicker than before because underneath the surface she is having to let go of battles she no longer wants to be a part of.

She has to build her castle while someone is trying to tear it down.

And do it all with a smile on her face.

I maybe the bad guy that they lash out when they haven’t got the answers, or when they don’t understand why he hasn’t called but our bond is getting stronger every day.

When they walk up and squeeze me so tight I cant breath, the unexpected kisses I get on my cheek or the little love you’s they whisper to me daily…. I know that through the tantrums, the tears we are building a family full of love and respect.

The way it should be.

The decisions you make won’t always be easy…
.
You are going to battle between what you want and what you think you should be doing... But the truth is... This is your life, you only get one shot and for me, I made the decision that was right for us all and in doing that teaching them that their happiness is what’s important.

Not everyone will want you to win, not everyone will be by your side but you know what’s right for you ❤️ I can’t give them what they want , I can only give them me and hope that in the end, that will be enough x
