Over the weekend I had the distinct pleasure of performing in the Mx. Berkshire pageant! The theme was heros, so I bought it home to NYC with the Beastie Boys ! I explained my reasoning in performance and with words over 3 different sections, and with 5 different outfits. I’m pretty proud of what I put on stage! Thank you for having me @shesuptonogood  @boxxavine and of course my partner @schafferthedarklord who edited my music and shared his encyclopedic knowledge of his favorite band. Swipe for pics and video and read condensed details on my thesis below! 🎤
The Beastie Boys are hometown heros for representing 1) duality of man 2) personal growth and 3) acceptance. 🎤
Over the course of their multiple decade long career, the Beastie Boys maintained a foot firmly planted in the punk world, as well as the rap world, while also experimenting with various genres of music. A visual and audible demonstration that we can have interests in multiple fields, and so long as you are able to acknowledge and pay tribute to the source material, without appropriation, we can enjoy! 🎤
The first few years of the Beastie Boys career was extremely misogynistic and sexist; with hit songs that objectified women. As they grew up in style and mentality, long before the #MeToo movement, they apologized for their past behavior and language towards women, as well as the LGBTQ community in song, publications, and social media. Additionally calling attention and action to the inappropriate sexual conduct that transpired at Woodstock ’99. People can learn from their mistakes, change, apologize and admit fault, and DO BETTER.
🎤
Coming from NYC, the Beastie Boys have had the privilege of being exposed to all walks of people. In songs like Open Letter to NYC they specifically shout out that diversity is what makes this city so great. Especially in this time of ethnocentrism and bigotry, it’s especially important to acknowledge that we are all immigrants, and diversity is a keystone of our city and nation and that all should be accepted. 🎤
#beastieboys #thebeastieboys #miked #mca #adrock #nosleeptillbrooklyn #girls #heyladies #woodstock99 #openlettertonyc #sureshot #drag #dragking #bus
