Angry, Man-Hating Lesbian II.

Athens, GA, 1995-1996 *Those of you who actually know me are aware that I do not actually hate men (I know so many good ones!). I share my story in hopes that this encourages people to not just listen but REALLY HEAR survivors when they speak up so that this fucked up rape culture we live in will end.

TRIGGER WARNING: this is not easy to share or read.

The second time I was raped was about 2 years after this photo was taken.  It was either 1995 or 1996. I was only 19 or 20 years old. 
My mind wants to protect me from all of this - forgive me for not recalling the exact year.  It's a defense mechanism.

A guy asked me out on a date and I obliged even though I was struggling with my own sexuality at the time.  I had two drinks at dinner so I was surprised when I suddenly felt so wasted I couldn't walk. 
I was well on my way to developing alcoholism at this point and was drinking very heavily... a symptom of the PTSD I had developed from being raped/molested the first time, when I was 6... so I could definitely handle two alcoholic beverages without losing my shit.

All I know is that  I went from eating dinner with this guy at a restaurant to lying on the floor of his room at the frat house.  I do not remember anything in between. 
I told.  I told him to stop. More than once. He didn't. He wouldn't.  So, I begged him to put on a condom and I let myself slip into the void of my conciousness caused by whatever drug he had slipped into my drink that night.

I suppose I didn't report because the world told me to hush the first time around.  The police did nothing in 1982 when I reported so why would they care now?

Perhaps it was "the way things we're back then". Perhaps it was because the discussion about rape happening between people who know each other — not just strangers in parking lots — was just starting to take place. 
One thing I know now is that NOT reporting this "date rape" would haunt me for the rest of my life. 
My college rapist is free. 
www.lainamcwhorter.com
