Julie Ann Nitsch and Marina Conner, are two of the plaintiffs in an Austin lawsuit that argues that sexual assault victims do not receive equal treatment compared with victims of other violent crimes. #JulieAnnNitsch, left, and #MarinaConner, two of the plaintiffs in an Austin lawsuit that argues that sexual assault victims do not receive equal treatment compared with victims of other violent crimes. CreditCreditIlana Panich-Linsman for The New York Times
These Rape Victims Had to Sue to Get the Police to Investigate
As more women come forward to report sexual assault, some say law enforcement has failed them. ‘There was no collection of evidence,’ one victim said. ‘Except off my body.’Evidence so neglected it grew mold. Calls to the authorities for help that went unanswered. Witnesses and victims who were never interviewed. These are just a handful of the claims that sexual assault survivors are making against law enforcement in courts around the country.

In at least seven places in recent years — Austin; San Francisco; Memphis; Houston; Baltimore; Greenwich, Conn.; and the Village of Robbins, Ill. — women have filed lawsuits in an attempt to force the police and prosecutors to improve their practices.

The unconnected lawsuits are adding a set of novel legal arguments to the search for solutions in the wake of the #MeToo movement, which exposed failures to recognize and pursue sex offenders. The lawsuits argue that sexual assault victims do not receive equal treatment compared with victims of other violent crimes, and that failure to test physical evidence collected from their bodies amounts to unreasonable search and seizure.

Women have long feared skepticism when they reported being attacked by someone they know, and advocates have gone to great lengths to educate the public and law enforcement about the prevalence of what has been called date rape or acquaintance rape. But in these lawsuits, a striking number of plaintiffs say they faced disbelief or indifference when they reported being attacked — kidnapped, choked, drugged, and even submerged in water — by complete strangers
