Its been a year. I tried therapy. I tried talking. I tried not talking. I even tried to act like it never happened. I still have anxiety attacks. I still cant go near the location. I developed a drinking problem. The gym didnt give me the same release as before, and I let myself go. I imploded. I wasnt strong enough to press charges and go to court. I cried, alot. I still do. I replayed it over and over, pointing out every time I couldve did something different. I went into fight or flight. My mind shut down and my body froze. What was I wearing? A freezer suit, with sweatpants and period panties underneath. What did I say? Stop. Over and over and over. What did I do? Fought back. Where did I go wrong? I didnt want to leave a mark if I punched him, bc then somehow I would get in trouble. That's what went through my head. I tried to diffuse the situation so I could just. get. away. June 3, 2018 I was sexual assaulted by a man I considered a friend. That I did flirt with, went out to a bar/club, and sometimes on lunch breaks go get food together. We never slept together. When I found out he was ENGAGED and then MARRIED shortly after, I immediately cut anything passed friends off. I was mad he lied to me. He thought I was just jealous.  He thought he could persuade me to sleep with him. I wouldn't change my answer as it was before I found out his truth; it was still a no. He pinned me up on a wall and kissed my neck and he pushed down my pants. As I fought to pull them up he lifted my shirt and bra. I tried to cover the top half back up and he put his mouth on me through my panties. I fought until I finally could get away. I was accused of leading him on. I was accused of lying. I received threats. I still live with it. I learned to live with it though. Two little humans kept me alive; Lord knows I almost ended the pain. It's a battle within myself that Im still trying to overcome. But I am stronger, and I am better than I was a year ago.🖤 #metoo #sexualassult #surviving
