Having panic attacks and trying to hide it. 
Not being able to sleep without medication.
Not being able to stay asleep without medication. Not being able to sleep without having nightmares without medication. Crying a lot. Checking the backseat of the car every time you get in. Avoid going places alone at night. Avoid going to events alone. Needing a weapon to leave the house. Needing to feel in control all the time. Not feeling safe even in your own home. Having a pet not just because they are cute but for secret emotional support. Not doing well when you have to go without a therapy session. Having depression. Not being able to allow people in. Feeling paranoid. Being hyperventilate. Avoiding certain memories. Trouble remembering things, and you do remember wishing you didn’t. Worrying about people’s reactions to all of this behavior and your condition. Having trouble making friends, being social with friends you have, and not wanting to leave your house. Trouble keeping long term employment. Thinking you are better and stop taking your meds only to realize you are not better and getting back on meds to feel better. Needing therapy on a weekly basis. Trying to help others understand your condition only for them to use it against you and hurt you later. Feeling broken and always reminding yourself you are not. Planning outings is exhausting. Needing to have escape routes for public places. Being easily distracted by your surroundings and being scared. Needing people to respect you personal space and freaking out if they don’t (stepping on the back my shoe and can’t see their face, to close in lines, and so forth). Feeling like a car is always trying to follow you home because it has actually happened. Afraid to answer unknown numbers because in the past a coworker was stalking you via phone. Feeling overwhelmed and stimulated in public places. Need I go on? #ellbesdailystruggles #ellbe84 #ellbe #battlingdepression #strongerthaniappear #livingwithptsd #ptsd #sexualassault #mst #rape #militarysexualtrauma #survivor #domesticviolence #molestation #sexualabuseadvocate #neveragain #metoo #victimnomore #awareness #mentalhealthawareness #endrapeculture
