There are two aspects I wanted to talk about and didn’t know which would be more prominent, but luckily for us, the fabulous actress that is @natalieportman called @moby a ‘creep’ and thereby perfectly demonstrating not just these two aspects, but quite a lot of what is going on in the stars right now.
Lover her.
Mercury, the planet of communication is in its home sign of Gemini and slap bang on Natalie’s natal Sun, giving her the better platform to speak her truth.
Right opposite is Jupiter, planet of expansion and higher learning, retrograding in Sag, drawing out the truths or the untruths, making us all look and learn a little harder.
Did that just happen?  Did she / he really just say that?
Mercury and Jupiter are both in their home signs making this paradox of blurting something out and then having to re-think the whole situation, really powerful, a la Moby who has cancelled his tour.
On top of the Juno / North Node in Cancer, there is a situation building with Venus in her home sign of Taurus, full of lusciousness (in Natalie’s house of relationships - eek), and getting strong vibes from the old guard of Saturn / Pluto in Capricorn whilst this heavyweight duo deconstruct.
It’s like Moby has taken one for the team (and I’m sorry he seemed like a nice guy), but really he just found out that by bigging up, what he thought was some cool moves on a chick, was just downright creepy slimeball.
Another one for the #metoo campaign.
The patriarchy and these kind of overpowering lack of self-awareness, “grab their pussies they don’t mind” actions just ain’t going to fly anymore and Venus in Taurus is way too content and self satisfied to let that go.
There’s much more to this than I can fit on here, but obviously we want to be in Natalie’s camp for whatever is going down in our own lives, so let go of the structures and formalities and don’t be afraid to call out what you don’t like or don’t want and speak your own truth.
#natalieportman #moby #mobydick #speakyourtruth #geminiinmercury #venusintaurus #jupiterinsagittarius #jupiterretrograde #plutoincapricorn #saturnincapricorn #creep #saturnplutoconjunction #venusandvesta
