Sexual predators harass repeatedly and stalk the victim continuously ONLY "in private". They manipulate things on an emotional level and are clever enough to not leave signs of their wrongdoings. Sexual harassment cannot be stopped until people of higher authority keep encouraging the mis-doings of such narcisstic men. 
Dear bosses,
Don't give tips on how to avoid #MeToo. Doesn't really help. 
Never label the victim as "arrogant" or "having attitude". NEVER ASSUME/JUDGE. Don't jump to conclusions. STAND WITH THEM when they use the word "harassment" in their FIRST COMPLAINT. A slight warning alone can lead to bigger harassment of the victim in private. Don't put victim in dangerous situations of making them work with the predator. 
Don't give the master manipulator the power over the victim. Don't do politics to such an extent that someone has to be a victim of an offence like this.
Keeping quiet when perpetrator is shouting/repeatedly harassing the victim in front of you de-moralises the victim and gives more strength to the sexual predator. Don't promote sexual harassment. 
Super seniors shouldn't allow groupism, allow seniors to be pushy towards juniors & master manipulation. Don't allow negative politics. Don't be influenced by sycophants/narcisstic men who appear friendly from outside for they would make a fool of you as well eventually. 
Don't keep quiet when you sense aggression or something strange in another person. Never allow your seniority to be misused by such sycophants. Don't be fooled by their gaslighting behaviour. 
Your ignorance of a person's silence & discomfort can cause huge irreparable damage to others. Don't jump to conclusions based on what you see.
Stop victim shaming because tomorrow your loved one might be a victim of this too & it would happen right under your nose. You wouldn't want to ask your daughter/sister "Why did you provoke him to attempt this on you?" "Your independent and outgoing nature confused him." "You could have done this/that/complained." (Complaining made no use though.) "It's your fault." #StopSexualHarassment #StopHarassmentAtWork
