While researching about rape culture I came across this wonderful video: Jackson Kartz-Violence against women it's a men's issue.

Here are key points I got from the  Talk.

1.GBV is not a women’s issue that some men help out with . 
Calling Gender Violence a women's issue is a big source of the problem: It gives men an excuse not to pay attention.

2. The key characteristic of power and privilege is the dominant group is never questioned or challenged to even think of its dominance.  They go unexamined hence men are erased in the conversation of gender violence and instead we focus on the women.

3. Victim blaming has become pervasive in our society. When a woman is violated we ask why she was not careful, why she is attracted to violent men while the perpetrator is left out of the conversation.

4. Asking the victim why something happened to them still does not change the choice of action that the perpetrator. So you can spend all day asking the victim questions and forcing women to change their lifestyles to protect them but there will still be a man who is confident in his toxic choices.

5.There is nothing like individual perpetrators. The rapist is one person but there has been a community that has empowered them, i.e. a HR officer who ignored sexual harassment claim, parents who paid hush money, a clergy that covered up an assault, a friend who refused to call out toxic masculinity.

6. Once we start making connections between institutions and how they can change the domestic violence narrative then there will be tangible change.

7. The truth of the matter is we do not like being uncomfortable, we do not like people changing our perspective of the reality of things so we focus on the victim and live in this Pseudo world where if the victim changes we are safe.

8. How can you change the narrative:

Don’t be a bystander who remains silent. Men who are not abusive need to challenge men who are. Create a peer culture atmosphere where any form of abuse is unacceptable. Not because it is illegal but just because it is wrong in the peer culture.

#riseagain #endrapeculture #riseagainsurvivors #metoo #playkenyanmusic
