For the last 13 years, this news lady has always heard, “You have such a cool job.”
And what a ride it’s been. —————————-
I’ve interviewed two Presidents, famous actors, and musicians on red carpets. 
I’ve stared into the eyes of a woman who killed her adopted daughter and felt pure evil for the first time. 
I stood near the finish line of the Boston Marathon and witnessed the life changing aftermath of immense tragedy. 
I’ve frozen in blizzards, been battered reporting during severe storms, and anchored live during not one - but two - tornadoes.
I’ve met some of my dearest friends and incredible women in newsrooms across the country (including @azgirlinil, @linzkatz24, @adrianneklabik, @knelsonau2006 and @kerrykavanaugh)
I’ve had the honor of spending time with American heroes, and sometimes sharing their stories when they didn’t make it home. ————————
But it would be disingenuous if I failed to address the challenges of this business that have discouraged so many. 
The stolen weekends, the holidays missed, and the constant disappointment of letting down your loved ones when the job came first. 
The self loathing of knocking on the door of a family who just lost a child, a spouse or a friend, and feeling like you’re only extorting their grief. 
The disgust at having to urinate in a bush somewhere because you couldn’t leave a scene and there were no bathrooms for miles. 
Sexual harassment from online trolls, newsmakers and male colleagues, including my own #MeToo moment with someone I thought was a trusted mentor.
The thousands of dollars in credit card debt from a job that didn’t pay nearly enough...no matter what level you reached. ———————-
Yet, it was still more sweet than bitter. And at the end of it all, I am left humbled by the people who, every single day, shared their darkest moments, their biggest victories, and their homes with me - a stranger - without asking anything in return. 
As I prepare to trade in my microphone for the next “cool job,” I’m grateful for lucky number 13.
