Angry, Man-Hating Lesbian III.

Sturgis, SD, 1998 *Those of you who actually know me are aware that I do not actually hate men (I know so many good ones!). I share my story in hopes that this encourages people to not just listen but REALLY HEAR survivors when they speak up so that this fucked up rape culture we live in will end. 
TRIGGER WARNING: this is not easy to share or read.

The last time I was raped was the Summer of 1998.

A couple of friends and I were on an epic, magical road trip from Arizona to Alaska.

We stopped in Sturgis, SD, to attend the annual motorcycle Rally on our way home and to meet up with the boyfriend of one of the gals I was traveling with. 
I won't lie, I was  experimenting with drugs and I was drinking even heavier than before the 2nd rape at this time.  I abused myself because I hated myself.  The confusion, anger, deep sadness, depression, eating disorders, distorted self image, anxiety, self loathing and PTSD-all symptoms I developed from the rapes had become too much to bear. 
We were all having a great time dancing. It began to rain. More dancing, drinking and laughing. The guy dancing with me offered me a ride to Hog Heaven, our campground. I had never been on a motorcycle...hell yeah, let's do this.

We wiped out in the mud on the way in to the campground and laid the bike down on it's side. We were okay, but that's about the time I blacked out.  When I became conscious again, he was already inside of me. I screamed, pushed him off of me and I ran out of the tent more terrified than I have ever been in my life. How could I have let this happen again?

I wandered around the campground- lost and scared, sobbing in the dark. I hid in the bathroom and cried for hours until the sun came up and I could find my way back to the spot my friends and I had set up camp.

I suppose I didn't report because the world told me to hush the first time around. 
The police did nothing in 1982 when I reported so why would they care now?

My childhood, college and adulthood rapists are free. 
I, on the other hand, am still working on it.

www.lainamcwhorter.com
