Yesterday I was pushing a cart across the parking lot of the grocery store wearing jeans and a t-shirt, no make up, and had both of my little boys in tow. A car with two grown men stopped in front of the store doors so I had to pass them to walk in. They whistled and hollered at me through their open windows. I gripped Truman’s hand and walked quicker. 
One man yelled out the window, “Damn, look at that body!” Truman turned around and waved to them as they sped off chuckling to themselves. “That’s funny,” Tru said. “Why do they want to look at your body?”
I didn’t want him to remember the incident so I tried to brush it off and said, “Oh boys just say silly things sometimes.”
But then anger flared inside of me and I realized that’s not the right answer. And that’s not the right example for my son. If women have to be constantly objectified, even at the grocery store with two small kids, something has to start changing. 
I squatted down in the middle of the store entrance to look at Tru in the eyes. “It doesn’t make me feel good when men yell at me. It makes me feel embarrassed and sometimes scared. My body is MINE and it’s for no one else but me. We should never yell to girls about their bodies or tease them about it. We never want to make someone feel embarrassed or scared, right? I want you to be kind and respectful to girls and not be like those guys. Your job is to make girls feel loved and safe.”
“Got it!” Tru yelled and squeezed his little fist in his attempt at making a muscle. He ran ahead and I don’t know if he retained anything I said, but I felt much better. 
I’m sick of ignoring it. I’m sick of saying “Oh, that’s just men being silly.” No more. I think this generation is starting to teach our boys at a young age that this behavior is not okay and won’t be ignored.
So here is to raising our boys to compliment instead of cat-call, and to sympathize rather than sexualize. I’m ready for a generation of protectors to start emerging. 
#justletmeshop 
#bethechange #berespectful 
#metoo #metoomovement 
#stopobjectifyingwomen #parkinglotlessons #raisingboys
