This makes me sad. Over the past year I have had the pleasure of having my smoothies crafted by the kindest people. Bullying and harassment are not ok. @ilovejuicebar I think you need to fix this problem. .
.
#Repost @frickleshnicks with @get_repost
・・・
What you are about to read is both hard to write and read. But I ask you to read it all. I will try and keep it brief. 
Three weeks ago my entire staff at I Love Juice Bar tendered our resignations. The reason for this sudden change of events was because of a team meeting the new owner called. During this meeting he verbally assaulted every single one of my female employees including myself.  Very insinuative t-shirts were handed out as a new uniform and with these we were told we could use our bodies for more tips and ultimately to get him more money. He then announced that there would be a new district manager. This man he promoted, from within the company, has already been reported by customers and employees alike as a pervert, a flirt, and overall very unprofessional man. Other things were said and done as well. These are just two examples. 
I reported these men to corporate HR. And in response they did NOTHING about it. They turned a blind eye to our concerns and let these men continue to work with other, very young females that the new management has hired on in our place. 
I worked at Juice Bar Turkey Creek for almost four years. I made it my home and, not only my employees, but the customers too were my family. Four years of hard work and it was all washed away by a two hour team meeting where I witnessed this new owner violate every member of my team. 
I wish to come forward today just to say this is not ok! Corporations must stop turning a blind eye to those who have the courage to speak up. We are not liars. We are not being dramatic. We are men and women who just want the right to come into our place of work and not worry if we will be violated that day.
This is not a gender issue this a humanity issue! Things won’t change unless the corporations change. That won’t happen unless we the people bring these issues into the light.

#metoo 
#timesup
#metoojuicebar
