Over the past seven months I have been working with an amazing somatic experiencing practitioner. I feel more vitality day to day than I have felt for a very long time - likely since childhood. For years, authentic embodiment felt as though it was out of my reach. I wanted to feel as alive in my skin as I did as a youth when I competed in ironman triathlons. I wanted to feel power, speed, and adrenaline pumping through my veins. I wanted to feel agency, agility and playfulness. My eating disorder, fibromyalgia and the underlying traumatic adapations to my nervous system made these feelings seem impossible. I had resigned to the belief I wouldn't feel that alive and powerful again.
I am happy to report that I am astonished by how quickly somatic experiencing has supported me to FEEL different. Before I relapsed with anorexia, I had unexplained dizzy spells, would fatigue after short walks, and my limbs would become numb for no apparent reason. I felt like a shell of my former self.
Now, though, I can hike steep terrain, I can sprint after groups of children playing tag afterschool, I can jump on the trampoline, and most happily I am starting to run again! I am learning to engage and attune to my body's needs without over riding like I was trained to do as an endurance athlete. I am learning to be in and with my body in an entirely new way.
Even though excessive exercise was never part of my eating disorder, I have hesitated to discuss movement and fitness in this recovery space. But I think it's important to share this aspect of recovery because it isn't talked about enough! We are so conditioned to believe that fitness and exercise is about aesthetics and weight manipulation, but it doesn't have to be that way!
My holistic recovery journey has led me to a diagnosis of celiac disease (which is now managed), a chronic pain condition (which is supported and managed through  both rest and activity), a balanced relationship with food, a community of feminist activists and thought leaders, agency over my body and NOW a felt sense of my unyielding power! Thank Goddess I chose this path!
#edrecovery
#somaticexperiencing #ptsdrecovery #complextrauma #fibromyalgia
