This week, I’ve had the privilege of attending two of the annual conferences NOVA hosts...the #sanenurse conference, and the Crimes Against Children Conference.

Let me just toot NOVA’s horn for a second. NOVA is an organization that sees a need and meets a need. We were founded in the 70’s as Women Organized Against Rape, because the need for support services for sexual assault victims was recognized. Since then we have evolved into a comprehensive victim service organization, on the cutting edge in every way. We saw the need to train skilled forensic nurses to collect rape kits, so we started the #sexualassaultnurse program. We saw a need for children to be interviewed in a child-friendly setting after they disclose child abuse, so we started the #childrensadvocacycenter . We saw that children with sexual behavior problems are treated as “mini perps”, so we started the Restoring Families Program. We learned that trauma lives in the body, not just the brain, so we started our #traumayoga program. And who knows what is next?? That brings me back to our conferences. Each year, we host conferences designed to keep our allied professionals on the cutting edge of trauma informed research. We bring in experts from all over the country, and they train our law enforcement, district attorneys, child welfare workers, therapists, and more on how to support victims of crime. In the past few days, I learned... ✔️ That if your intimate partner tries to choke/strangle you, you are 750-1000% times more likely to be killed by that person at a later time, and those same people are the most likely to shoot a police officer in the line of duty. ✔️ About the amazing cutting-edge treatment being offered for survivors of #traumaticbraininjury who have suffered domestic violence or other violent crime. ✔️ About the dynamics of female sex offenders and how their behavior looks both similar and different from male sex offenders ✔️ How common false recantations are in child sexual abuse cases, and how difficult it is to help juries understand why children still love and want to protect the adults who have abused them.
.
cont. in comments .
#childabuseprevention #sexualassault
