Natasha is a young lady who is of the nation of Jamaica, she and her family have overstayed their welcome, here in the USA, Natasha for nine years and New York City is really all she knows.  She surely doesn’t want to go to Jamaica, she is PHD material and needs a University and a nation like America to excel.  Along comes, Daniel his family is ‘Korean’ but he and his are American’s and have a nifty ‘black hair shop’, he meets Natasha on the New York streets having her avoid a maniac driver.  The two star crossed lovers are smitten with one another.  Natasha’s #1 goal throughout the movie is to extend the deportation papers.  Her family are all ready to leave, but she is rather firm about staying and enlists an immigration lawyer.  Daniel on the other hand is bowing to the pressures of a Korean foible from Korea.  His dad and mum want him to be a doctor, and he has to impress to be placed in a tony University for grade A doctors.  When he is asked about why he wants to be a doctor his answer is surprising to say the least.  The film travels around with Daniel and Natasha but the romance and the connection here is terribly surface.  Fact is if it started with them both having passionate sex that would have made more sense, but in these #metoo generational days, sex is rather forbidden on screen, especially as pertains to young ones.  The film is so culturally stuck on first base the whole ‘romance’ rings false.  Fact is #metoo can never go far enough, shouldn’t they be upset because Natasha and Daniel can’t have sex on screen because they both are not white! That’s clearly what’s occurring.  I saw Last Tango In Paris, hot sex just ain’t a Christian thing, is what I’m thinking. 
5.0 Out Of 10

At any rate, the movie just doesn’t have much of a throttle, nothing much happens, except for the ending, I wanted her to not to have seen him.  Now that would have been a much better ending.  Still at least we have learned that the Sun is a star!  That’s rather cool!

#CLAYSMOVIEREVIEWS #movie #movies #film #films
#cinema #instamovie #instamovies
#moviereview #review
#critic #filmcritic #moviecritic
#cinema #reviews #moviereviews
#THESUNISALSOA
