Tigah Rosie got in the car in a huff today, my initial thought was ‘yaaaay, she’s in a shitacular mood, it’s gonna be a fan-fairy-fukn-tastical afternoon! 🙄

Before I could ask her what was wrong with her face she said ‘well I had an interesting history lesson today!

I was almost scared to ask her after she ripped the seat belt across her and threw her bag at her feet so hard like they were ex boyfriends sitting on top  of a dunking tank and she wanted to drown those fuckers but I managed a ‘Mmm hmmmm....whys that baby?

So the history lesson was about a 14 year African American CHILD Emmett Till who was accused of whistling at a white woman on the street and was killed by the woman’s husband and his brother 4 days later. That woman came out in 2017 and said she lied and let him be lynched just because he was black.

So rightly so the other kids in the class were outraged but then the class took a slight turn with the boys in class saying that whistling and cat calling girls and women isn’t a big deal and we should take it as a compliment to which the girls said they get yelled and honked at all the time from men in cars and that they didn’t think it was a bad thing. 
This prompted the teacher to ask if ANYONE found it inappropriate to catcall, whistle or honk at girls in the street to raise their hand.... TIGAH ROSE WAS THE ONLY ONE!! The boys then mocked her and asked why is that a bad thing, we are just giving you compliments and the girls agreed.

What in the fuckary are we teaching our kids?! How is it that in 2019 our year 10 boys and girls think this is ok to do to young girls whether they know them or not or whether it is from the car or walking past them in the street?! Tigah Rosie was clearly upset that she was the only one that called this vile behaviour out and that’s when Aiva piped up and said that only yesterday she had a man look up from his phone and stare at her as she was walking past, she put her head down, sped up and walked into the school gates as fast as she could. 
Continued in the comments!
