In a recent article in The Guardian, Dr. #VickenSahakian of the #PacificFertilityCenter says, "Money talks. If you have money, you’re going to have a baby. It’s sad, but it is the case." Dr. Sahakian is speaking of the growing phenomenon of "#SocialSurrogacy," which involves healthy women paying other healthy women to carry their fetuses for them so as not to hinder their own plans and goals as working professionals. As the article states, it is #outsourcing at its most extreme and intimate.

The article details the lavish #nature of the clinic and the exorbitant financial costs of such medical treatment. I know those costs well — and in more ways.

Years ago, I was a paying client at the Pacific Fertility Center in #SanFrancisco. Actually, I didn't so much pay as did my health insurance, which was provided by @google. My partner at the time was a Google #engineer, and I was the direct beneficiary of his company's lavish insurance policy between 2008 and 2015 or so.

In 2013, I visited the Pacific Fertility Center hoping to become pregnant. I'd survived multiple surgeries, all paid for by Google, and I wanted to determine if I could carry a fetus and how to encourage pregnancy through medical support given my personal situation.

My partner was loving, encouraging, participatory. Of course! We'd been together for years, living through my surgeries and his father's demise, celebrating anniversaries and birthdays and holidays, making dinner nightly. It was love, that sweet gift of the gods that doesn't seem to cost money but does under global #capitalism. Only it wasn't love or loving.

It was sheer delusion. Love is expensive, much like social surrogacy.

As a couple, we didn't go far into medical treatment for pregnancy. I took a few tests, he did a sperm count. We were gently exploring options. I had never became pregnant naturally. His sister was adopted. We saw these as signs. If we wanted children, we could adopt. But maybe, just maybe, there was a way to induce pregnancy, so I stayed a patient at San Francisco's Pacific Fertility Center.

Thank the many deities of #fertility for my #failed #uterus!
