My brain has been doing it’s thing today ... I’ve been thinking about writing for a while now. I guess I just didn’t have the courage before.

I could think of all the reasons I SHOULDN’T break the silence; ‘who am I to talk?’, ‘will everyone think it’s wanky?’, ‘I don’t even know where to start’. But still my insides kept telling me that I really, really should.

Because I know I am not alone. I simply can not be the only woman who became a mum and then slowly, silently disappeared.

You all know that I went to Japan recently ... but you don’t know what got me there in the first place. It is a LONG story, and it’s going to take some time and thoughtfulness to tell it in a way that makes sense. But the first few paragraphs have been written and it feels good.

I always thought my ‘role’ in life was the same thing as my ‘job’ or the thing I do to earn a living. It turns out that the two things have nothing to do with each other at all.

The world is changing and I think so many of us are frantically trying to find a foothold. I’m not sure where I will be when everything starts to settle down again (if it ever does), but I do believe that if the world is going to really change, we all need to start talking about the real life shit. It’s not just about the headliners like #metoo or #timesup. I’m not a feminist. But It’s clear by now that the patriarchy does need to diversify, and a big part of that means learning to become comfortable with the intrinsic discomfort of femininity. We women don’t always know the answer. We don’t always WANT an answer. We are comfortable sitting with our feelings, expressing them in any way we can and deciphering them if there is a meaning to be had.

So this is my purpose... to shine a light on a pervasive issue that is rife amongst women; women and mums who have spent so long being everything to everyone, that we forget WHO WE ARE in the process.

This is real. It is everywhere. It needs to stop. 
My blog lives at how-to-be.com.au. I’d love to chat with you there! xx
