...Letter writing had grace and style and elegance. No sign of anything close to 'show me your tits.' These letters had substance. They showed care. They showed the kind of attention to detail and care that shows love, and doesn't cheaply blurt it out like a construction worker hoping against hope, trying to cop a feel. Okay. Got a little #metoo writerly there. I love the letters. They aren't texts. They aren't emails. They aren't 1500 word IG posts (wtf?). They are handwritten documents of care. And of course I went crazy when I was reading and I find a letter from Jenny Gilette talking about Winston Churchill and his death. And the letter is short, sweet and says everything to me about how she feels. And the poem that is included in beautiful calligraphy is as perfect as it gets from a young woman describing the sensation of trying to love my father and his power:

You are like a sky-rocket that rises slowly,
Bursting into parasols of light again and again,
Still rising,  each burst higher and fuller than the last -- the light stays in the watcher's eyes 
and he forgets that it is gone.

So. Since I am apparently going for some sort of record of longest Instagram post possible, I did some research on Winston and his Black Dog. I liked this piece of writing the best, and think it hues closest to the moods of my father and the dips that a man of destiny might have - that threaten to lay him low, but never do: "Churchill did have dark moods during periods of his life when his talents were underutilized or he’d suffered serious personal or professional losses. His term for these moments was “Black Dog,” a common description of Victorian nannies to characterize their charges. “Black dog on my back” roughly corresponds to getting out on the wrong side of the bed. His daughter, Lady Soames, stated that her father was not depressed unless he had good reason. For instance, after the terrific loss of life in the Dardanelles disaster, she said he would have had to be a “monster of insensitivity” not to be depressed... (cont'd) 
Photo credit. I like! (©Waring Abbott/Michael Ochs Archives/1981 Waring Abbott)
