So I usually stay out of celebrity news. Politics is more of my thing. Today though my heart is heavy because this is so much bigger then a celebrity making a mistake. A couple of you have probably seen the news talking about the Burning Sun night club scandal involving some prime time investors and a man named serungi who is in a famous band called BigBang. Serungi was charged with sharing unsolicited pics of women being raped, sexually assaulted and drugged. Another charge was for allowing prostitution and escort services in Burning Sun. The next charge was for silencing workers at the night club to stay silent it, The final charge was for knowing about a man who was almost beaten to death because he tried to stop another women from being man handled in his club. This is a prime example of women being treated horrifically and the assailant getting a slap on the wrist. Serungi did not get what he deserved, by any means, I guess if you make the Korean government money, and a bunch of men in suits money nothing happens to you. Today on June 11, 2019, more information on the Mod Sun scandal was supposed to be released to the American and Korean media about the fate of serungi and all who were involved in Mod Sun. INSTEAD the news released a new scandal about a young singer in his twenties named Kim Hanbin. Three years ago Hanbin was photographed with recreational marijuana that he did not use. He has also been honest about his on going struggle with mental health. Today the news released information on the kid who did nothing, to let a white collared, chauvinistic, disgusting, abominable male get attention drawn away from his crimes. As and American teenager I have seen substance abuse and felt peer pressure. He is oppressed to the max and an idol. He’s not aloud to date. He is not aloud to express any type of sexuality unless it’s to entertain. His whole life it portrayed to the media but he’s not aloud to fall. Mental health isn’t shameful or disgraceful. I’ll tell you what is: throwing a young mans life under the bus to cover up a pig. Women won’t be silenced. The Burning Sun women who were raped and beaten won’t be silenced. The fans of ikon won’t be silenced.
