LESSON LEARNT & A WARNING FOR WOMEN WHO TRAVEL
----
Last night and today have been incredibly scary for me as a woman travelling alone. I'm away in Melbourne, heading overseas in 2 days,  and my credit card was held at ransom by a man I'd just met.

See last night at a local bar, I accidentally left my credit card sitting on the bar after paying for a drink and talking to a young man. We'd exchanged phone numbers earlier so his friends and mine stayed together. Yet little did I know that he had picked up my card and kept it. 
After that drink, I decided to go back to my hotel instead. He had taken it upon himself to make distinctive (and physical) moves on me and was obviously interested in wanting to accompany me back to my room. I was very uncomfortable.

It wasn't until this morning that I realised my credit card was missing. So after no luck with the bar or my friends, I messaged him as a last resort.  Lo and behold, he had it.

After exchanging messages, he eventually agreed to meet locally to give it to me. But it came with a catch - "You can only have it if you stay with me tonight". Umm.....WTAF!! Thankfully I was with my brother today not far away. I embarrassingly told him the story and he agreed to take me to get it. 
We met at the rendezvous point. I went in alone and my brother watched on from nearby in protection mode. 
When the card was exchanged, he tried to go in for a kiss or a hug but I put up my hand and said "Please don't" and quickly backed away. I had no idea what this guy was capable of.

We walked back to the car and locked the doors. I was shaking uncontrollably and highly emotional - I didn't realise how terrified I had actually been.

This is yet another story of #metoo from my life and travels. It's a lesson that no book can teach you. And one that I've learnt the hard way. 
May this be a warning to women travelling alone..... be wary at all times. We shouldn't have to be but be careful with yourselves and your stuff. ----
#dametraveller #closecall #travelphotography #lessonlearnt #travelblog #photoblog #travelsafe #womentravelers
