💜This is my tribe.

I set out to start a business in early 2011 after being pushed out of corporate culture due to #sexualharrament at the work place.

I have not spoken much about my business. Until recently, I had realized something so beautiful about life that pushed me to make a decision to share. Similarly to many small businesses everywhere, there are so many struggles and behind-the-scene battles that small business owner/leader/founder have to face day after day. Frankly, I was mostly afraid to share with you how hard I struggled every day. I felt like I failed a thousand time over. From the outside looking in, many probably think oh she has it made; she has a cute little boutique business that every girl dreamt of opening; she has an amazing staff support, etc… From the inside looking out, I never felt like I made it. Until one day, I understood one thing and realized the universe had been preparing me for this day. All the struggles I have been through and probably will continue to fight through, are my greatest stories. I now embrace all of it. I am now charge to share them all to the world. 
To the women out there, don’t give up. Embrace your struggles, make them your greatest stories. Go out there, do the right things and build your tribe. If it’s anything like my journey, it will be super hard. But like they say, if it’s easy, everyone would already be doing it. The harder it gets, the better your story, the stronger you become, the wiser you be, the shinier your light, the truer you are. If you consistently do the right things, your tribe will come, one by one. 
9 years in the making, my most proud accomplishment to date is building this tribe of women. Every single one of the women pictured here would go to battles for me, I know it in my heart. No word can express my gratitude for each, and all of them. All my heartbreak, sacrifice and more are made worthy by them. I truly feel I earn their respect & loyalty without ever flashing my degrees (many probably don’t even know I have 2 college degrees), money, or accomplishment. It’s earned by them watching me consistently showing up and relentlessly fighting for this tribe. I love you ladies! 💜
