"If it got out, that people in Central America couldnt apply for asylum here in the USA, it would be a Death Blow to the Smugglers" (Graham speaking of the need to change the immigration laws) -@LindseyGrahamSC
While @SenFeinstein is speaking about the demographic change from single males to families, she is conveniently forgetting that children are often used as the tools of smugglers & she leaves out how many times those children are being sex-trafficked under the guise of "family".
What @SenFeinstein means, is that she would like people bringing children through, to be able to do so basicly unaprehended. No need to check if they belong to the people they are with. A disturbing view that further the problem of child trafficking. There are no toddlers representing themselves in immigration court @SenFeinstein This is incorrect; and a bizarre claim.
"DHS facilities are overflowing" "We have uncovered multiple child smuggling rings" -Acting Sec. DHS Kevin McAleenan - Tell me now how the crisis isnt real? - Change the Laws. Save The Children. Eyes Open.
The article @SenatorLeahy is quoting, about Vets being deported, was full of false information. They were felons, they were assessed properly and acting DHS Sec McAleenan just set the record straight. Will MSM apologize? Doubtful.
"One of them paid 80 dollars to rent a child to cross the border with." Disturbing and definately a crisis!
Amazing @ChuckGrassley is relaying a story of a 13 year old girl, who was trafficked and then repeatedly raped by the man using her to cross the border. A COMMON occurance. Where are the #Metoo voices for these girls?! The REAL victims of congress inaction on the border crisis! Acting DHS Sec McAleenan now pointing out to @SenFeinstein the multiple times they have raised issues over inadequate conditions of facilities & asked congress to act. Feinstein ignores these facts and talks more about her" concerns" for children (but not adults, she clarifies).
Only 3.5% of illegaly immigrated children are removed and sent back to their home countries. Question, Patriots. How many end up in the foster system; and/or later on just vanish? Pipelines.
