Climate action of taking public transport is compromised by public spaces in many urban centres not being safe especially for women. 
This evening in broad daylight I walked home from the train station, on the widened footpath meant to accomodate more pedestrians. The footpath unfortunately is being taken advantage of by unscrupulous motor cyclists who take short cuts to avoid the traffic lights & road congestion. One motorbike with 2 men came up behind me as I walked and yelled derogatory insults at me to get out of their way.
So I’m on the footpath & I’m in THEIR way?? I happen to be woman, so I further deserve to be yelled at to get out of their way?? I was not in a position to say or respond anything, my safety comes first & I did not want to be attacked or followed home. Yeah I felt threatened.
Yes, to the men who will read this post, this is what a woman faces everyday to varying degrees if she demonstrates her agency, is independent & just walks home from taking public transport. I ask my female friends about opting for public transport: the no. 1 response is “I don’t feel safe”. I’ve been mugged on my street before, my dad’s response was for me to stop public transport & take my car. 
I’ve been wondering how to engage more males in this narrative of sustainability, here it is! 
Men, do better. Do better to ensure public spaces are safe, do better when you see other men misbehaving like catcalls, harassing or disturbing women. Call them out, confront them, let them know. It’s not acceptable. Don’t police women “for their own safety” like tell us to drive or not take the train late at night; take action, speak up & advocate for safe public spaces. Please don’t Not All Men this, because Yes All Women have experienced threats, harassment and walk with our keys in hand, body tensed and alert to respond to any potential attack. Yes I slow down if I hear footsteps behind me and let the person overtake. Just last week a woman was murdered in a public space in Melbourne, just a month after a woman was raped and murdered alighting off a tram there. Public spaces must be made safe and male privilege has the responsibility to make this happen.
