This is a hard one for me to accept. For all my life I’ve been taught to put others first, always. As a child I was taught that I should always respect my elders by putting them first, doing exactly what they asked without question & believe what they said. As a teenager I was criticised constantly if I attempted to put my own or friends needs before any family member, regardless of circumstances, being called selfish and disrespectful. As a first time mother I was criticised for not doing things the way my mother/grandmother/aunt had done things or the way the books told you too. So I only ever put others first. If I hadn’t made much food for dinner my husband & children would be given enough then I would eat a little. I’d get up early before I went to work so that my children would have a healthy nutritious breakfast freshly made for them & everyone would have homemade everything in their pack lunches for school. I’d work all day with other people’s children loving & nurturing them as if they were my own whilst feeling the heavy burden of guilt that I wasn’t always with my own children when they were performing in a school assembly or sports day. Then I badly hurt my back & couldn’t work in childcare anymore, I pushed through the pain & found a less physically demanding job but my mental health was rapidly deteriorating. I did Physio for my back & fibromyalgia & saw a psychologist who diagnosed ptsd but I didn’t have the time or funds needed to focus on making myself well by attending regular therapy sessions so we worked on mindfulness & how to deal with a very sick but narcissistic father. I still tried to be the “perfect “ mother/wife/friend/daughter. I fell apart. I was broken & the only way I could fix myself was to accept I needed to put my own needs first. I had to quit my job. I lost friends, my father became more difficult, my eldest lashed out that I was no longer doing everything for her but my husband he stood by me encouraging me telling me this was what I needed it was what everyone needed regardless of how they might react at first, that if they loved & valued me they’d still be there no matter what. Continued in comments...
