There’s supposed to be two little girls in this backseat but there aren’t. I bought groceries for fajitas tonight because it’s their favorite, but they won’t be having it, because they aren’t here. For the past several years I have been guarded about what I say online about the girls’ father because I thought it was in their best interest. Someone gave me the advice to never trash the other parent to the kids, no matter how much they do it and the kids will be better for it. I took that advice even though I desperately wanted to help other women by telling my story b/c I thought by protecting their image of him, both in what I’ve said to them, and by keeping my silence publicly, it’d be best. It seems however that by doing so I’ve actually encouraged him to feel he can do whatever he wants and he’s untouchable. And now his actions are hurting my sweet girls more than me telling the truth ever could. Today, again, I’ve driven to the school, on my legally scheduled custody day, and found them unexpectedly gone. Done so as a means to punish me for crossing him. At least that’s why I think he does it, that’s what narcissists do when you don’t fall in line, they correct you by whatever means necessary. Let me be very clear, I’ve done nothing wrong. There is a long list of women who have suffered extreme consequences for standing up to him. And I’m one of them. He knows the only way he can still hurt me is through the girls, no matter what it does to them in the process.
I will spend every penny I have to fight this legally even though it’s frightening to know how much his millions of dollars a year salary can buy him, but one thing I won’t be scared of anymore is using my voice. I hope you won’t judge me too harshly for speaking publicly, I hope once you know the full truth you’ll understand. If it saves them one more day of the pain and confusion I know they’re feeling tonight it will have been worth it. I’ll be posting on my blog where I can write everything & will let you know here as I do. Please pray for my sweet girls tonight, they don’t understand and every time this happens it seems to effect them worse. Pray that God will bring them comfort until I can.
