Pigs are the 4th Most Intelligent Animal🐽 Pigs are believed to be one of most intelligent animals, following chimps, dolphins, and elephants. We might think our dogs are the smartest animals when the can roll over or shake on command, but they surpass even man’s best friend.

Their intelligence was first discovered in experiments in the 1990s. Pigs were taught several tasks using a cursor on a computer screen. They learned these tasks as quickly as chimps. They could move a cursor on a screen with their snouts, as well as use the cursor to distinguish between scribbles they knew and those they were seeing for the first time. Pigs are Very Social

Pigs have complex social lives. They learn from one another and work together. Just like dogs, they love to play and participate in play fighting. These pink farm animals even have been found to show compassion or empathy when observed in another animal. They can sense if a person will be nice to them. They’re also able to distinguish between familiar pigs and strangers. Overall, research has shown pigs are skilled at mazes and other tests requiring location of objects and they also have excellent long-term memories. They can even use a mirror to find hidden food. Pigs are One of the Cleanest Animals

Not only do these cute curly tailed animals have the smarts, but they are actually pretty clean animals. They are the only farm animals that make a separate sleeping den and latrine area. Many people associate pigs with being messy because they see them rolling around in the mud. Actually, the reason they roll around in the mud is to cool off since they don’t have sweat glands. Adults can run at speeds up to 11 mph.
Newborn piglets learn to run to their mother’s voice.
A pig’s squeal can be as loud as 115 decibels. That’s about as loud as a chain saw.
Pigs communicate constantly. More than 20 different vocalizations have been identified.
They will eat almost anything – including human bones.
They like to snuggle and will sleep nose to nose.
On the uninhabited Bahaman Island of Big Major Cay, there is a population of wild aquatic swine. They may even swim out to any boats offshore, looking for snacks.-aghires.com
