This is me. I have large breasts. Granted, they are not the ones I was born with; cancer stole those 15 yrs ago. I have long hair. I can spend excess of 1.5 hours doing my hair. Not to worry, I'll still arrive earlier than anyone to any event. This is me. Wearing an extraordinary amount of makeup. Not because society tells me I have to, but because putting on makeup is cathartic for me.
I have an education from one of the top schools in the country. I will be the first to remind you that it is Johns, (with an S) not John Hopkins. Not because I am an elitist snob, but because I am proud of my alma mater. I have been successful in Real Estate for nearly a decade. Prior to that I oversaw a multi million dollar operation and led over 200 employees to achieve professional and personal success. Not to be left out, my decade long service of volunteer and advocacy work on behalf of young adults with cancer that allowed me to speak in front of audiences as large as 20,000, including the world's top reconstructive surgeons.
This. Is. Me. 
This is #metoo
Today I wore gym clothes with my hair in a braid to a house I am project managing.Today I put my ring on my left hand so the contractors, electrician, and their workers would assume I was married. Today a man my father's age stood so close to me I could feel his breath on my skin. I stepped away. He followed. We danced our way around a 10' kitchen island while he spoke to me. He questioned my understanding of what would take place in a city permit inspection in a demeaning manner. "I'm not sure how much of this you understand." He stood so close to me I could not even turn to make eye contact with him; my breasts would have been right up against him. My eyes stayed locked on the kitchen island. My visceral reaction was calm with a wry grin; I was thinking I knew the perfect place to stick the gas line and cap it. When I asked why he called me away from my day to drive an hour round trip to the home he replied, "I just wanted to say hello." I'm surprised he didn't tell me to smile on my way out the door. If I were a man this wouldn't even be a thing. Give women the respect they deserve. 
#timesup #metoo
