Fighting for women’s rights! Supporting women and any causes you believe in plays a significant role in a healthy and fulfilling lifestyle giving you an even stronger life purpose.

Why are women striking in Switzerland 🇨🇭? Even if it’s considered by some a progressive place, could you believe that:

1. Only in 1971 women were allowed to vote at the federal level, a goal achieved very late in Switzerland compared to all other countries in Europe and most of the world?

2. Only in 1996, legislation was brought in to ensure the equality of the sexes?

3. Only in 2002, Swiss voters approved legislation legalising abortion?

4. Only in 2004, the article in the constitution on maternity leave, which had been in the constitution since 1945, was finally implemented in a piece of enabling legislation??? And what about June 14, 1991?

Half a million women in Switzerland joined the first women’s strike. The idea came from a small group of women watchmakers in the Vaud and Jura regions. Organised by trade unionist Christiane Brunner, it became one of the biggest political demonstrations in Swiss history.

Now, nearly 30 years later, not many things have changed unfortunately. Women, and some men, yesterday called for equal pay for equal work, equality under social insurance law, and for the end of discrimination and sexual harassment.

And yet, in spite of the victories of the women’s movement, equality remains a burning issue. Pay gaps between women and men remain considerable. The #metoo movement has brought to the fore the issue of sexual harassment and discrimination based on a person’s gender or sexual orientation.

It’s 2019 and we are still looking for equality! We need to keep fighting for an equal treatment, everyone from every socioeconomic class and political orientation, because it’s simply wrong to be discriminated due to a different chromosome!
.
.
.
#healthylifestyle #women #womensrights #womenempowerment #solidarité #egalité #solidarity #genderequality #genderequalitymatters #grevedesfemmes2019 #grevedesfemmes #grevedesfemmesgeneve #geneva #genevaswitzerland #genéve #switzerland #suisse #myjourneytoevexia #evexiabyani
