@onoszkomonika answers our questionnaire:

What is your first memory of film?Laurel and Hardy. My father was crazy about them, so we were watching they films whenever we had possibility. He almost came late for his marriage ceremony, because he couldn't stop watching them on #TV!!! Do you remember the moment that made you want to be in this industry? 
I was working as a costume designer in National #Theatre in #Poland when Jan Jakub Kolski, very famous Polish director made me an offer to work for his film. That was the first time it came to my mind that this is something that I could do... What is the most important thing about your job?
To show reality, even when the story is no real.... How have the #MeToo and #TimesUp movements influenced your role in the industry?
Maybe is not political correct to admit that no influenced at all, but that's the truth. I was always too busy with my work to give much attention to social media and as I never suffer any sexual harassment the idea wasn't close enough to me. I was more into ecology, environment, animals... What is the best thing about being a #woman in the industry? 
Being woman is always good regardless the situation. I never had a thoughts that it would be better to be a man. Not even in a single moment... Who is your mentor? 
My #father who is #astrologer, very bright man, who always give me best advices. And my professor Ayumi Onoe from #Japan, who always encouraged me to be surranded by all kind of arts to be always inspired by good stuff. 
What is the biggest misconception about working in the industry?
Well, everybody outside of the industry think that working in #costumes is just pleasant, cool work. They totally don't get how hard work it is... What advice would you give your younger self?To do whatever i want and not be afraid that someone will refuse my ideas or myself.

Who is your favorite woman in the industry? 
Milena Canonero in film. Marie Jeanne Lecca in theatre. Whatever they do is just brilliant!!! What is your biggest passion outside of film?
Traveling, sailing, reading, raising my kid, traditional graphic techniques like woodblock printing and linocut, and fashion, of course.
