Dear friends, 
The doctors had put me on a benzodiazepine, Valium for over a decade, initially to treat anxiety, PTSD, depression and panic attacks that ensued after childhood sexual trauma. However, I began to have the most excruciating, chronic pain all over my body which no doctor could figure out the source. I spent hundreds and thousands of dollars on every test imaginable over the past decade to no avail in finding out what was causing my pain. I even had several major endometriosis surgeries in which the doctors did find some endometriosis but no explanation as to why I was dropping to the floor screaming and crying in gut wrenching pain even after their procedures which were supposed to help. I could not even urinate without screaming because it felt like razor blades which they attributed to Intersticial Cystitis or “painful bladder syndrome” (also caused by the benzo). After a decade of chronic pain, I took it upon myself to check into a hospital to detox and come off of the Valium, searching for any answer as to why I was in such pain. I found out that it was the benzo causing ALL of my widespread pain all along. I am now on day 173 of withdrawal from the benzo and it has not been easy,  however, I can honestly tell you that nearly every excruciating painful symptom that I had has disappeared. The pelvic pain, the Intersticial Cystitis, Fibromyalgia, IBS, knife stabbing nerve and back pain, endometriosis, Everything. Gone. Many doctors prescribe this medication to help some of these conditions, but a recent doctor told me that over time on Benzos, our bodies develop MORE nerve receptors thus putting us in MORE pain. If you or anyone you know are experiencing this, and also take a benzodiazepine, please speak to your doctor about this. If I can help save anyone from the pain that I went through on a benzo, that is now my life mission. Peace and love to you all. .
.
.
#benzodiazepinewithdrawal #benzoawareness #endometriosis #endometriosisawareness #fibromyalgia #chronicpain #adenomyosis #interstitialcystitis #endometriosissurgery #surgery #fuckbigpharma #valium #diazepam #metoo #eatingdisorderrecovery #childhoodtraumasurvivor #iatrogenicinjury
