Why I'm Anti #MeToo movement:

First before the you get your panties in a wad; I am full women empowerment,  knowledgeable and progressive movement.

Now back to the MeToo. I see it as a disgrace to women:

They portray women who whine to get their way, no physical and educational motivation course.

Women who are, in fact, priviledge actresses, singers, or VIPs (who have their own MALE SECURITY)  how women are portrayed as weak, not smart, taken advantage of.

As oppose to funding these protests of permits and paid protestors (sorry if you marched for free, protestors actually get paid); why not utilize that money to benefit, educate, and network the female workforce and skill base.

Ladies I'm sorry but you cannot get the pay check just because you think you deserve it, this isnt a Christmas list. You need the same experience, ethic, and progressive ideas to keep a company moving.

Everyone is so caught up with affirmative action and EOE they use it as a crutch as oppose to better themselves as an asset.

Women you do let yourselves be victimized. Yes, crime shouldn't happen. However, some humans are just touched in the head evil. How about you take the precaution to pay attention to your surroundings. Practice self defense. Neutralize threats. You'll hate me for saying this, don't flirt for that free drink and be mad that it's ruffied.

When it comes to job association and know the difference between a network event and a date. Don't say you didn't know at the age of 23 you didn't know the 57 yr old man, after 6 meet ups, and 24 drinks, all after business hours was trying to get in your panties first.

That's just a little of my sentiment. The list goes on and on. Women actually be progressive, you will have people try and halt you. You'll get fired, sue them (appropriately have your paperwork squared away, where they rush a severance to you). Always learn. Learn how to also work and stand up for yourself independently. Know the difference between Entitled and Earned.

That's all. Your dose of #KrystalClear & #SheCanDoItAll.
