MEN ARE MOLESTED TOO!!! I do a lot of work with women who are survivors of sexual trauma. Rape, date rape, molestation, sexual abuse and sexual assault of all kinds.

But it’s not just women and little girls. Little boys are molested. They are assaulted. They are victims of sexual abuse.

The #metoomovement has brought a lot of attention to the women who are survivors of sexual trauma. 1 in 4 women experience this, many of them, multiple times.

The stigma is not what it used to be. That is major progress. The word is getting out. The abusers are being called out. They are being arrested. They are being stopped.

But other than in the scandals involving the Catholic Church, little attention is being brought to those who abuse boys. The numbers are lower but the stigma is still great.

I have had a few men reveal to me that they had been molested but today was the first time I had the opportunity to work with one of them. The session was incredibly powerful, and we did it by the ocean, listening to the sounds of the waves crashing.

#thetahealing is such a powerful modality that I was able to clear this trauma permanently in under an hour. It is such a simple and powerful process and it always works this fast.

I have worked with many people and heard all sorts of stories of abuse. My clients often think that their session will take longer because of the number of abusers or the severity of what happened or the length of time it encompassed. I always tell them the same thing. It doesn’t matter, because by clearing the most basic beliefs, along with clearing the shock and trauma, and the resentment, and forgiving the perpetrators, (yes, this is possible, easier than you could have imagined, and the most freeing thing you will ever experience) we are able to clear all the trauma in about an hour.

If this is you, if you can say #metoo please reach out to me to schedule your session. What happened to you was horrible. You no longer need to carry it with you. It’s time to put it in the past, once and for all.

If you live in Los Angeles, you can schedule an oceanfront session, but if not, it is just as powerful done remotely, and you can be anywhere in the world.
