We are ‘woke’, right? We march against Trump, we donate money to LGBTQ+ organisations, we tear down attacks on the millennial male ‘snowflakes’, we unite against FGM, we root for Greta Thunberg & RGB, we follow the #metoo movement with outrage, we expose articles that set out to body shame us, we take keep cups out for coffee, we try out mooncups, we worry about the mental health crisis, we stand up against racism, ageism and ablism, we do more to lean in & listen to - never minimise - everyone’s experiences, we’ve learned not to ‘other’ people. We do all this so we can be more compassionate human beings. 
The above could describe many of the journalists, bloggers, podcast hosts, comedians, politicians or presenters whose ideas and stories we consume daily. Many of us are channeling a more compassionate life. But we’ve missed a spot. 
Why is it that we are still not connecting the dots and extending these courtesies to the animal world? Why is it that we are still laughing off veganism as a frivolous, unimportant or extreme view? Why can we not all see that the singular way in which vegans are represented in the media - as extreme, self-righteous eco warriors causing problems - is as reductive as pigeonholing women as Madonnas or whores. We don’t see vegans as people but as loons. There is no narrative around the merit of veganism’s core value system, which is essentially synonymous with compassion - for another group of sentient beings with who feel love, develop relationships, communicate, play & feel pain. So why are we reserving our compassion for humans only? Why do we ringfence some animals as ‘food’ and welcome others as pets into home or even our beds?! We have built up meaningless walls to reserve compassion for some but not others. How narcissistic of us to think only human experiences matter. 
#lovenothate #vegansofig #veganism #vegansofldn #compassion #animals #peace #millenials #woke #love #veganmedia #vegannews #plantbasednews #plantbased #plantbasedpower
