Guys, aren't you TIRED, of the ridiculous double standard, involving the beauty of men and women, and appropriate clothing, for each gender? I mean, damn, dude! If it's 70 degrees, it's totally okay for your grandma to go sleeveless and wear sandals, with her varicose veins, and decroded yellow toenails, because she's a woman, and that's a HAWT look for her, but if YOU do that, as a man, people are liable to call you a redneck, or a hippie, or a child predator, even if it is 100 degrees, and the UV is Extreme, in May, because of global warming! Why? Because "men aren't sexy," because "homophobic straight white men run the world"? That's racist AF! I'm glad that many of these men are being EXPOSED, as the cucks they are, by the #MeToo movement!

Why don't you TELL these homophobic prudes their attempts to body shame you are not very effective, and they can't police your body and tell you you aren't hot, and, that you are NOT ashamed of your body, anymore? Strip down to your underbritches, if that isn't already all you're wearing, kick back like you're in a lounge chair, with your feet up, and your arms behind your head, and show off all your sexy G-rated Disney's Aladdin beach blanket beddy bye boy parts, and post it as your social media profile picture, so ERRBODY can see! Ooh, wee!

Virtually every known society in human history has been okay with guys showing off like 90% of their bodies, except their genitals, because that's supposedly how we dressed as cavemen! But, the homophobic prudes who run our society, will tell you it's not okay for a guy to show his feet, because that's too traditionally effeminate, or his armpit hair, because that's too barbarically masculine! In fact, those parts of a guy's body, are so sexy, they are afraid they might pop a boner. It's okay! It's perfectly natural, to want to have sex with a cute man, especially if he is advertising his sexual availability, with his casual partial nudity! What's wrong with that? Nothing! "Those homophobic prudes are full of BS!" They ought to print that, in 48-point font, over half the front page of the paper, to catch people's attention, because no-one buys newspapers, anymore!

#Toobin #NoShirtN
