SWIPE FOR GRADE
The Great Gatsby is considered one of the greatest pieces of literature ever, and I’d probably agree with that. I’m all for a film adaptation, but part of the problem is the source material itself. Part of the reason why the narrative and its structure works is because it’s in written word, it constantly moves back and forth, and takes time to describe things. While some short cuts would have to be made in an adaptation (the justification for Nick’s narration is that he’s telling his life story to his doctor... sure I guess?), but the problem with Baz Lurhman’s 2013 version of The Great Gatsby is that it tries to do too much. He starts off fine, with pretty strong casting, Leo fitting that Gatsby persona, and Carey Mulligan once again playing a melancholy ditsy girlfriend. Pretty perfect casting, but they’re so poorly directed and simply do not do their best work here. Toby Maguire is not good here, but I’m not sure if it’s his fault or not, because I’ve always thought of him as an exceptionally awkward person, so maybe we’ll never know why the lead character feels so weak. Baz Lurhman is both the best and absolute worst thing about this film. The visuals here are outstanding, the production design is an exaggerated but stylish 1920s aesthetic, and it’s so colorful. I never pictured it looking like this when reading the book, but I really like and honestly prefer the visual eye candy that is presented in this film. But the supplements really squander the vision. Instead of keeping this exotic style nuanced, Baz does what he does best and takes it way overboard, with pointless and bad cgi exteriors occasionally, and a super inconsistent score. Some terrible rap music will be playing at one point, and then the next scene will have decently composed music that fits the scene. It’s just so close to being a good adaptation that I can’t believe they couldn’t just slow down and think about what needed to be done for this to be as good as it could’ve been. The editing here is god awful, no shot lasts more than like 3 seconds, every cut is unmotivated, and it’s incredibly dizzying. Part of it is also the seemingly 1,000 FPS frame rate. CONTINUED BELOW 🔽
