🍃 Starting a new account is always such a pain in the ass but I still wanted to make the effort to do so. Why? Because my old one wasn't really me and while I had plenty of people following me, they weren't really following the girl I truly am. 
This is me, the real me.

I love to perform, to write and to design.
To create art in many forms.
To create art that matters. 
I twice was close to achieving my ultimate dreams.
First, a person ruined them, the second time it was bad luck. 
I was a metoo victim/survivor before I knew what metoo was. While chasing my American dream in the music industry, while recording my press kit, at only 17. Something that has haunted me ever since and was never justified. 
I got into an accident at 24, while I was in the middle of climbing my way up in the acting field.
I was misdiagnosed, which caused my knees to be damaged badly and left me with permanent chronic pains. I was in and out of hospitals for years, doctors said I was a done case.
I recently started to rebuild myself to get stronger every day, I’ll prove them wrong. 
I just recently came out as being bisexual...to my husband.
It was a hard thing to do but we are still okay and are now entering a new stage of an open marriage and I finally feel free to love whoever I end up loving and to look for what I was missing all that time. 
Those are all subjects I feel are important to share, they make me, me and in this crazy world I think being authentic is something we should never lose.
I'm also ready to go after what I really want, to create the life and career I really want, it's never too late to chase dreams and F You to the people who say otherwise.

Despite my flaws, my insecurities and the taboos, I am finally deciding to not only speak my truth and show my true identity but also to turn all of this into something better, something beautiful, something that maybe even would be helpful to others.

This account will be my outlet to express the real me and to introduce my ways of making my art
If you decide to follow me, follow me for me, the real me and what I stand for.
This will also be a judgefree zone for anyone who can relate and wants to connect 🍃
