• normal •

I share my story briefly every time I have to go into therapy or do a new holistic method or meet a new person. Over time I've grown used to the comments such as "gosh you've had a lot to contend with" "wow you're brave" and so on. Every time I feel my heart sink. Its not that these people are trying to make me feel bad, it's just that I grew up believing that fitting in was key to survival. So each gosh, each shocked face, each gasp and each averted gaze leaves me feeling a bit crestfallen. I may be different. I may be strong. I may be wonderwoman for all I fucking know but I am just the same as everyone else. Dealing with life the best way I can with the tools I have. I may have had to get extra ones to deal with the hand I was dealt but to me, it is my normal. Just as your normal is your normal. Yes I've been sexually abused by a distant family member and by many men throughout my teens and also am sadly a member of the #metoo club. Yes I was a wildchild as a result, and smoked and drank excessively. Yes I had ridiculously unhealthy relationships and travelled around the world with my teacher. Yes I had eating disorders, chronic ocd, complex ptsd, codependency and probably every other label under the sun until I began my healing journey. Yes I have overcome a betrayal in my early relationship. Yes I was abused physically by my previous partner. Yes i have a chronic illness. Yes I grew up in fraught circumstances. But I'm really just me 🤷‍♀️ I do the same things everyone else does, and I love just as hard. I'm not messed up, or "sick" mentally because I have therapy. I'm having a normal reaction to what was a series of abnormal situations. Life is getting better by the day for me and as I walked my gorgeous pup today I realised how strong I actually am. As I walked down the road mindfully taking in each flower, each sound, each breath I realised how much my life has actually changed because of these things for the better. My anxiety is at a low hum today. In the past I would have had a drink just to get out the door. Life presents itself to us in many ways and my journey has just been a little bit more bumpy a long the way 😊
