SPEECHLESS STORY:
My name is Júlia, I was 13 years old, it was raining and I was coming home in the rain. I had just left school and had my backpack full of books and homework, I kept thinking about math class.

I greeted Jon's mother, he was a very applied boy but he was very clueless and the teachers always got mad at him.

A few meters later I met Mr.Carlos, he always brings us to school on his bus and he greets each one of us, always very attentive to everyone. Carlos very kindly invited me to bring me home because it rained more and more each time, so I got into his car.

Carlos knew where I lived because every morning he came to look for me, the road did not seem familiar to me but he knew all the routes in that area. Finally we came to a place that was not my house, it was also a place I did not know because it was quite isolated.

When I wanted to realize that he was kissing me and I did not know what to do, he got on top of me and I could not move. He took off my pants and started to penetrate me. I hit him and asked him to please stop, it hurt a lot because I was a virgin. he did not manage to penetrate me well and he stop trying.

Do not ask me why but then he drove me home. When I got home I did not hate him, I was worried if I got pregnant.In my house I had never had the love of my parents, there was no love in my house. Also if I had told my parents they would have killed me for getting into a car, I was afraid that my father would hit me. My father was one of those people who first give you a slap and then ask.

We kept seeing each other and then we fucked, we fucked a lot and I thought he gave me love and he loved me, just what my parents did not do.

I got pregnant with him when I was 16. 
I  discovered that he also fucked my sisters, and more girls at school. He knew that our mom did not protect us and knew all the families.

Paradoxically, although I know that this is wrong I remember those times. I have fantasies that I get raped. I've always loved sex and it makes me think that I am only worth fucking.

#TheFreeConversationsMovement #FreeConversations #rape #violencia #women #sex #metoo #genderviolence #abuse #story #journalism #periodismo
