(Part 3 of 3)
I took zeros in school when I had to do any presentations, I would flat out refuse and tell the teacher to just fail me cuz I would not speak in front of the class. So having to be on the stand and say such embarassing things in detail, outloud and in front of a judge, a jury, lawyers, security, my rapist, mom and boyfriend... I genuinely thought I was going to have to leave the room to go throw up. I was also asked to identify and point to the man in the room.. of course, I had to have the pressure of looking right at him and pointing and having him watch and listen to everything I say... meanwhile when he got to do his thing and go on the stand, he got to do it without that pressure of me sitting there watching him knowing that we both know what he did. I dont think he would have been able to lie on the stand very easily if I was there in the audience looking him right in the eyes. I guess that's just the way things work tho, and I'm still glad things went the way they did because now I'm finally getting justice. 
I'm so relieved for the worst part of it being over now, and now all I have to do is wait for sentancing and I think I will be ok with whatever the judge decides from here.
I usually dont bring up my "followers" on here, but I just want to say thank you to the people I've never even met offline who have been so kind and supportive with messeges or comments. I am shitty for replying and I'm actually really shy so even if I never got back to you, please know that I appreciate it so much! 
I wont lie, I'm not just suddenly feeling all good and like myself again, this process has made me revisit a lot of stuff that's hard to even think about. But with that being said, I feel a new strength building up inside me. No matter how painful things were or still may be, I know I will get through it like I always have, and when I do I'm going to be stronger than I ever was. Never, ever, ever, give up.
#metoo #sexualassault #speakout #justice #healing #youarenotalone #istandwithyou #nevergiveup
