At the weekend I attended a beautiful wedding, a big 'Kearns' family event. If you're ever lucky to attend a Kearns wedding you will know that this Irish descending family will totally outnumber any non-Kearns attendees (and my goodness the lovely Kearns family can talk!). 💛 
To avoid overcrowding we were sent by the waitress to the BBQ buffet in waves and, unusually, in my wave there were no other Kearns family members which left me free to chat to someone new! I started chatting to a lovely lady (one that had given me serious dress envy since the ceremony) and began to talk about the usual first meeting subjects. "Ooh, I love your dress, where is it from?" "Where are you based...?" 💛 
When it naturally moved on to talking about family something unexpected happened. In just a few minutes I knew we would make a connection far deeper than your typical superficial queue chat. It led me to discover a sixth sense that I never knew I had! I sensed something in her reaction when I told her that I was a Mum to three under three, something totally unnoticeable to someone who hasn't faced infertility. I still don't know why, but instantly my gut told me she too was struggling. Although there were no obvious signs, for a split second recognised a flicker of pain when I spoke of my girls. I quickly moved the conversation onto careers. When it came to me, I started to talk about my blog and when she asked what I spent time blogging about there was an instant spark moment - it was like the universe had aligned and we both just knew we had a shared understanding. When I said the word 'Fertility' and went on to explain our struggle to have the girls I saw the understanding and recognition in her eyes as she said 'me too'. I wanted to give her the biggest hug!
💛 
This all happened within the space of no more than 3-4 minutes as we loaded our plates with delicious BBQ food. I can't think of much else that could bring about such an instant connection where, within a split moment, you can completely empathise, share your most intimate struggles, and form a bond with someone you've never met. 💛
Continued in comments...
