My next tattoo is going to pay homage to one of the most challenging years of my life. I’ve struggled to let go of 2018—but instead of dwelling on the pain, I’m going to choose to commemorate the strength. So, I’ve asked a wonderful friend and tattoo artist to weave the tattoo Lady Gaga designed for survivors of sexual assault in to the logo for UW-Whitewater, with its top point weaving in to the “W” of the logo. With this unique design will be the words, “nevertheless, THEY persevered.” I chose THEY for each woman involved in this story—particularly for an incredibly brave woman I’ve been so proud to get to know since last fall who came forward before anyone else, who got no justice when she first told the truth. It is for each of the ten women in the final investigation and for each woman who did not feel safe or comfortable telling her story, because even living with that story takes strength. 
When I look at the tattoo, I will choose not to remember the hurtful words of strangers on the internet. Instead, I will remember the first hug I got from a victim who never told her story as she cried on to my shoulder telling me he hurt her, too. I will remember remember remember reading the terse words of a resignation a media relations department swore would never come, one that meant my pain was not for nothing. I will remember that despite the opinions of some, I did what I did because I have always and will always love UWW and will fight to protect its students (even those whose parents scream at me on the phone) because nobody deserves to feel unsafe at work or school—and worse, nobody should feel they can’t report their harassment or assault because of relationships held by their assailant. I will look at my tattoo and remember that my words and my stories have power, enough power to change an entire university forever—but I will share that with every woman who was ever hurt there. 
My wounds are still healing. My panic attacks are not gone. I still have anger and fear sometimes near campus, but in pieces, it lessens. #metoo #uwwhitewater #sexualassault #sexualharassment #thisisnotokay #itsonus #nomore #calloutpredators #stopvictimblaming #whitewaterwi
