On my last day in the Abel Tasman National Park I glanced up to see a Tui perched on a high, thin branch.

The native forests of Aotearoa New Zealand are beautiful, we’re lucky that patches have been conserved in areas like this. There are ongoing incursions from from introduced wildling pines, wasps and predators. The wasps have actually been dealt with really well. I think I only saw one the entire time I was there.

I will likely spend the next two weeks in the grips of a trauma flashback to events this time last year. As of this moment I have lived 50 weeks of what I feel is borrowed time.

There are still a lot of things around me that I don’t recognise.

Me, for a start. I feel like I’ve showed up part way through the story of someone else’s life and none of it fits. But no one really understands that I’m new here, and I’m expected to pick up a pre-existing narrative that I barely have a grasp on. I feel caged by it. But this isn’t well understood by those around me.

Without exception, every relationship. Every single one. Some survived, others didn’t. I am oddly spectated on by those at the periphery of these events.

I wonder how on earth this person whose life I’ve stepped into managed all these people and their inconsistencies, lies and manipulation while keeping quiet. I don’t have the capacity for it.

Capacity. If I’m to understand the meaning of one of the talks at the event on Monday properly; we have abilities and we have capacity and these are separate. Abilities are what you’re able to do, capacity is what you’re able to do in a given moment.

For much of last year I didn’t have the capacity to talk. It was 6 or so months during which no one questioned my autistic diagnosis. For better and worse. It drove home to me how much perceptions of my personhood hinged on verbal communication.

I wonder how much I can still do, but don’t have the capacity for because of what I have to carry. It’s not a choice, as much as the people whose comfort hinges on minimising the suffering of others would have you believe otherwise.

I wake up in the morning, every morning, and reach to my neck, to my mouth, to pry away the hands that settled there overnight.
