SILENCE AIN’T PRETTY

This song had a completely different title and theme up until a few days before i recorded the vocals. Like too many women in the world, i have experienced sexual harassment and assault.  It’s difficult to describe. And is often hard for those who haven’t had this experience to understand how it feels to have someone believe that they have the right to try to take advantage of you beyond your will.

In the media on the #metoo, i’ve heard so many uninformed opinions on why unwanted advances occur. Everything from boys  being boys, to simple attraction to alcohol abuse. It’s all bullshit. There’s simply no excuse and it truly comes down to power, privilege and entitlement. The world is finally waking up to the fact that the excuses are just that, excuses.  This behavior is perpetuated by those who turn a blind eye which has ultimately created a systemic problem.  It is unacceptable.
 I came forward about my experience right before recording this song.  As a writer, it’s almost impossible not to write about what you are feeling during impactful moments in your life. I turned to a pen & paper.  As i stared at the reflection of my experience, i saw a song sitting there in front of me. I wasn’t sure if i wanted to go there but in some ways i did feel a sense of responsibility to at least consider it.  I went to the studio and prior to going into the vocal booth, I shared my experience and reflections with @martinfeveyear (my producer & dear friend.) His support & empathy was simply beautiful, what i really needed at that time. 
He encouraged me to move forward with this theme and helped me refine the lyrics. 
This song is hard for me to listen to but writing about my experience was therapeutic to me. 
I hope this song might inspire another woman to not just boldly come forward but to do so with no shame. Coming forward makes things messy for others.  It would certainly be easier for those in power if we were to stand there silently. However, we have to remember that life got messy for us without our consent or choice and in our silence, we are the only ones suffering.  It’s time to disrupt the order.
