SHAFT (2019): You'd think S. Craig Zahler was the screenwriter for this film, based on some of the outraged -- outraged! -- reviews calling it racist, homophobic, misogynistic, etc. Having seen the film, I thought it was all much ado about nothing, but then again, I am an asshole who thinks we're getting too bent out of shape when it comes to these fucking jokes.

Problem is, the "offensive" jokes here are still kinda lame in a Dad Joke sort-of-way. I guess the point is that John Shaft is an old school alpha take-no-prisoners pussy hound, and his son JJ is a gun-hating millennial in the #MeToo era. But yeah, the jokes didn't raise my eyebrow, nor did they raise my laughter volume above a chuckle, for the most part. I did legit laugh a few times here and there, but not enough for me to consider this a total success.

I was fine with them taking a more comedic approach with the Shaft character, but I wish they had brought in some heavier hitters than Tim Story or the dude from "Black-ish", who never really take this beyond what amounts to an R-rated two-hour sitcom pilot. So what you end up with is a saltier version of RIDE ALONG or any other watchable-but-forgettable Kevin Hart box office hit.

If anything from this film left me clutching my pearls, it was the utter disrespect given to the late great Isaac Hayes. Have you ever listened to a temp score? When they put in music from another movie into an early cut of a film, giving the composer an idea of what they want the final score to sound like? That's kinda what they did here with Isaac Hayes' immortal theme to SHAFT, use it as a temp score, except what comes out in the final cut is at a different pitch and register, and even then, they only play the first few notes. You never hear the entire theme and you certainly don't hear Hayes' vocals.

Is it watchable? Yes, the audience was really into it and I certainly didn't hate the film. But it could've been so much better! 
In conclusion, I think it'll play better with international audiences, because they'll be able to watch it on Netflix in about a couple weeks, where it'll make a much better fit at home than at a movie theater.
