I WANT TO HAVE A CHAT ABOUT CHIVALRY... It certainly is NOT dead. 
Chivalry is, and always will be one of the most beautiful qualities a man can own. 
The code of chivalry emphasizes mastery, generosity and courtesy in all areas of life, and if met and received well by others, (particularly women) it would continue to be a moral code adhered by all... My three sons are masters of chivalry, because I teach them daily, what it takes to be a true gentleman. 
All born in Generation Z, they are proof that chivalry is not dead; because in my home, we practice respect, courtesy and empowerment, and we nurture this together. 
I am not old fashioned, or antiquated, but simply supporting and embracing masculine qualities and developing morals rather than emasculating. 
My goal is to ensure I develop and deliver three beautiful gentlemen to the world... Feminine empowerment is on the rise but so is the masculine movement... We need to embrace this with every reinforcement we can offer. 
As human beings, this is our purpose.

And I’m just a lady over here, who is equally prepared to honor man and match him where he is at, in all my feminine glory. 
No expectations, just like for like... And how do we create such wholesome gentlemen?; 🧡 Open a car door for a woman 🧡 Help a woman lift the heavy things 🧡 Pass the tissues in times of tears
🧡 Pay for a date when asking a girl out 🧡 Stopping to help victims of bullies
🧡 Driving a car when your friends can not
🧡 Adore your partner for everything she stands for
🧡 Enrich your connection by honoring and respecting 🧡 Choose spontaneity rather than comfort 🧡 Love with all your heart and never hold back 🧡 Support your partner in all her ventures
🧡 Hanging picture frames (yep hang the damn picture frames 🙄) You see what we can collectively penetrate through and ultimately create here? 👉 Gentlemen with solid confident and respectful intentions ...AND...
👉 Ladies with  solid confident and equally matched respectful intentions

It’s not about just supporting  #metoo it’s about empowerment and endless love of creating #wetoo

#creatinggentlemen #humanpurpose #culturecurator
