It’s been sometime since I’ve seen the ‘teen’ thing on film, so here is Booksmart about two besties female who are super duper intelligent, one is a Lesbian, Amy and Molly the other, a full figured girl who doesn’t fit with the cool kids, together they both are bosom buddies.  Molly and Amy are super smart and decide that they will have one night out to party since they’ve not done so, focusing upon their studies mostly.  High school graduation is coming up and Amy is traveling to Africa.  All that matters with this ‘kind of thing’ is authenticity and I wasn’t sure that the two actresses portraying Amy and Molly  are actually teenagers, usually Hollywood uses actors and actresses who are twenty four slash thirty for high school roles.  The film has some major fast talking going on, but I had some hard time hearing it and the build up to all of this rather left me cold.  I wasn’t laughing too much actually, although at times my audience seemed amused.  I at first thought that both Molly and Amy were Lesbians, that was more interesting by far, of course, but Molly is straight, actress, Beanie Feldstein was quite winning with her rubber face but she  needed better material and somewhere for it to go.  The girls go through some 3’s Company kind of running around nothing very interesting, the pathos is neither raunchy nor deep, a sort of #metoo update seems to be the way of things in the film.  Director, Susanna Fogel, helms and the Critics stupidly ate this up, it seems you can paint by the numbers with the present revisionist culture going on,  but wiser minds aren’t fooled.  We’ve seen all this before, it goes through the same youthful comedy hoops of yesteryear but I didn’t see anything unique in the comedy or drama here, two young attractive ladies isn’t going to answer the needed dimensions Booksmart was in need of. 
5.5 Out Of 10

Comedy must be funnier and this isn’t it.  I remember 8th Grade last year, that was real, Booksmart isn’t real and it isn’t funny either. 
#CLAYSMOVIEREVIEWS #movie #movies #film #films
#cinema #instamovie #instamovies
#moviereview #review
#filmcritic #critical #moviecritic
#rated #cinema #reviews #moviereviews
#BOO
