I recently heard from an old friend about a person very important to him, grabbed in the broad daylight of Bangalore streets. Imagine this. A strong, vocal girl, usually unafraid, shaken and doubtful (even for a moment) because some asshole decided his pleasure comes from a moment's unconsenting contact with the female body. Of course, the first question most of us would ask is 'What was she wearing?' 'Why did she go alone?' whereas it should be something along the line of 'What can I do to make you feel better?'
Many believe that the actions of assaulters like these remain justified unless she's a 'good girl'. (If she was a 'good girl' then the common talk diverts to 'She WAS a good girl. Nothing can be done now, it happened.' or 'Hopefully somebody will marry her, she WAS a good girl') This good girl culture was slowly hammered into our cognition through several elements- shaming, punishments, rewards, and in the last few decades- the media. The moral policing exhibited by the media is arguably larger than most other attempts. How many 'serials' can you name that doesn't root for patriarchy? How many movies can you name without sexist dialogues and the subtle indoctrination of gendering? How many YouTube videos have you seen that are along the lines of 'Theppinu kittiya pani' (if you get the reference of the apparent 'prank' video of a guy slapping a girl for dumping him)? And so we segment women into the good ones, that don't deserve to be molested, and the bad one's that deserve to be raped. (As proclaimed by the Aunt recently- 'Rebellious women deserve to be raped' was it?) A person's 'goodness' should be defined by their personality traits, and not by the media's frail attempts to impose the burdens of patriarchy on all genders. 
I request you to not be swayed by these morally 'correct' stereotypes of 'good' girls and boys. We are who we are, and given a chance, we all strive to be better. Kindly support anybody who has come forward with reports of sexual harassment. Ask them the right questions. Give them the attention as well as the space they ask of you. 
And most importantly, educate everybody.
