""This is the typical tale of Albinos conquering a land and killing off it's people: mixing with the survivors, and taking over and assuming the identities and cultures of Black people worldwide. It is most prevalent in the Middle east and Latin America, but in reality, it is all over the world.

Here we involve ourselves with the plight of the descendants of the original settlers, the Black Paleoamerican, or so-called Black Indians. As shown on the main page, Black Indians were the majority Native Americans, with the Mongol Indians a later arriving people and a lessor population. The Albino Europeans hatred of Blacks being constant, naturally most of the Black paleoamericans were killed-off. But while Black and Mongol Indians were rulers of their lands, their relationship was as follows (wiki): Many Native American tribes practiced some form of slavery before the European introduction of African slavery into North America; but none exploited slave labor on a large scale. Native American tribes often enslaved war captives whom they primarily used for small-scale labor. Some, however, were used in ritual sacrifice. While little is known, there is little evidence that the slaveholder's considered the slaves as racially inferior; they came from other Native American tribes and were casualties of war. Native Americans did not buy and sell captives in the pre-colonial era, although they sometimes exchanged enslaved individuals with other tribes in peace gestures or in exchange for redeeming their own members. The word "slave" may not accurately apply to such captive people. Most of these so-called Native American slaves tended to live on the fringes of Native American society and were slowly integrated into the tribe. In many cases, new tribes adopted captives to replace warriors killed during a raid. Warrior captives were sometimes made to undergo ritual mutilation or torture that could end in death as part of a grief ritual for relatives slain in battle. That relationship between Black Indians and Mongol Indians is confirmed in the Cherokee treaty of 1866."#timesup #metoo #whiteliesmatter 2 #african
