The story is below. Thank you so much for your bravery, and for sharing your story. This is all about choice.
•
・・・
Image borrowed from @saharpaz ... The story is mine. 
Yes, you know us. 
Yes, #youknowme .
Abortion is not a dirty word. 
I was in college and yes, I was on birth control. I had gone to the Rutgers student health center for the flu. While I was there they did a pregnancy test and told me I had an ectopic pregnancy and needed surgery immediately. I was shocked as I was on birth control. But I was also on antibiotics. My boyfriend at the time was also shocked. We were young, scared and not at all ready for this. They even brought in a clergy person to talk to me about how dangerous everything was and rushed me into emergency surgery scaring the shit out of us. 
That said, I made it VERY clear to the doctors that even if it was not an ectopic pregnancy that MY CHOICE was to have an abortion. 
I woke up post surgery to a doctor explaining to me ALONE with no family or friends for support “you are lucky! We were wrong. You have a regular pregnancy, it was so early nothing was showing up; that what they saw was actually a suspicious cyst which they mistook for ectopic pregnancy AND that they chose to leave cyst in place so that I could carry the baby to term, since removing the cyst would have resulted in a miscarriage”. I was alone. I was ANGRY. I explained since I had already expressed that MY CHOICE was not to carry to term, how could they open me up and then leave the cyst? 
To which the doctor condescendingly explained that “they” would never do anything to jeopardize an unborn baby, regardless of what my wishes were as that was NOT my choice to make and that I should get the cyst removed after, then had the audacity to congratulate me. 
Even post anesthesia I remember screaming at this man like a lunatic. 
How dare he make this choice for me. 
How dare anyone make this choice for me. 
I ended up going to my regular gynecologist having to have not just the abortion, but also the cyst removed. 3 procedures in the span of weeks. 
No one has the RIGHT to make choices for my body. 
DON’T LET ANYONE MAKE THESE CHOICES
