Tracy #FixMyLoveLife Q&A ((What is Love?)) I find it ironic when a husband or wife have a child and say "I've never loved anyone this way before" in reference to the child. Its sweet and endearing but also a little unnerving. I'll explain later. 
Before I do, there are 3 concepts to distinguish between:

Love vs In Love vs Lust

LUST:
People minimize lust to an expression of sexual desire ...its so much more than that.  Lust is unbridled, uncontrolled yearning... that's why one can lust after another's possessions, lifestyle, etc, because its not just about sex, its about desire. There's levels to it...there's the lust that causes extreme violations of others....then there's the lust that causes things like jealousy, selfishness and greed.  Lust asks what can you do for me?

IN LOVE:
"In love" is the butterflies in the stomach, the goosebumps when the person is near.  Infatuation is synonymous with "in love" ... and its all based on enjoying someone's company, feeling extremely attracted to them, vibing with someone; its the fun, "honeymoon" phase of it all. "In Love" asks "how good do you make me feel?" LOVE:
Love is as close to 100% acceptance of another person as one can get.  Its unconditional acceptance without hesitation and WITH full awareness that they'll make mistakes, that they'll hurt and disappoint, YET, still CHOOSING to love no matter what.  Contrary to popular belief, there is no such thing as "unconditional love"... In fact, unconditional is love's only genuine expression. Love asks "How can I serve you?" Unfortunately, in relationships, most of people follow the lust ---> in love  model...and call it love. It plays out like this:

a)  meeting someone and assessing how you perceive they can benefit you socially, physically, emotionally, professionally, etc - basically, lust.

b) finding that you really like this person and how they make you feel, you have nice conversation, things are 'easy' - This is the 'in love' / infatuation stage. 💥read the rest in the comments💥
