Fighting Like A Girl and What It Taught Me (English)

solo dance by Lucy May Constantini, in collaboration with Ioan Hefin and Eleanor Shaw
invitation to a sharing of work in progress
Thursday, 27th June, 15:00
Stiwdio Stepni, Ffwrnes Theatre, Park Street, Llanelli SA15 3YE

You’re warmly invited to see what we’ve made so far, ask any questions and feedback on your experience. 
Tickets are free, but please book to help us manage numbers. You can book on the link below or by phone or in person at Y Ffwrnes box office.

https://carmarthenshiretheatres.ticketsolve.com/shows/873605008

In the era of #MeToo, what pushes a dancer with a long background in the supposedly peaceful art of yoga to invest years of effort and energy in the pursuit of martial arts? We’ve been working with themes of gender and sexual/violence and asking:

How does our work with and through the body help us manage what is done to the body?

Lucy has been gathering movement material based on her long background in somatic practices, as well as more directly drawing on the South Indian martial art kaḷarippayaṟṟ, and the modern Japanese martial art, aikido. We’ve combined this with text, marrying elements of autobiography with selections from the Devīmāhātmya, the Sanskrit epic that established the Indian tradition of the warrior goddess, and weaving in responses in Welsh. We’ve been exploring what it is to work multi-lingually, beyond literal meaning and translation, focussing on the sonic, rhythmic and emotional resonances of the different languages (four in all!) to see if this allows a connection for those of us who don’t speak some of them.

Everybody is welcome, but please be aware that some people may find some of the material distressing, and not consider it suitable for young children. Please get in touch if you’ve got any questions or concerns.

This project is made possible by Research & Development funding from the Arts Council of Wales, and Theatrau Sir Gâr.

I look forward to seeing you there.

#fightinglikeagirlandwhatittaughtme #theatrausirgar #ffwrnestheatre #dance #choreography #researchanddevelopment #martialarts #yoga #womenmartialartists #metoo #welshdance #artscouncilwal
