“POWER” , explicitly defined as the ability to influence others but is this influence harmful? Does this authority deserves all the glorification it gets? Does the fame and position gives you a right to humiliate,dominate or exploit anyone?
The power given to a person as a part of professional and social structure is personally a curse for people working under them whose life has become worse than worse especially WOMEN.The patriarchy that has come as tradition is now a hindrance to every girl's aspirations. Some men in position have made them a victim of rape,sexual harassment, molestation,sexual abuse,unwanted sexual attention and offensive sexual comments.Why does this society puts a woman in place where they have to choose between DIGNITY and DREAMS? Why do they have to sacrifice their ambitions for a safe living ?
These representatives of professional elites having exaggerated drive for sex not only leave scars on the body but the pain that resides inside the soul for forever.The incidents that were hidden for so long and came to light through #Metoo Movement has consumed many famous personalities and politicians like Nana Patekar,Alok Nath and MJ Akbar to name few. What profession has not been a part of this,101 in arts and entertainment,57 in media,19 in business and tech,46 in politics and 40 other powerful individual.Every time a boy has taken sexual benefits in the name of emotions, everytime a person has seen its power as a privilege of enjoying the aristocracy,everytime a girl is taken as a source of entertainment and pleasure in the social functions and dinner parties,PATRIARCHY has stepped up. It is the ignorance from us that favours the disrespect resulting it in a CRIME.Thousand of words and no change makes no sense.Presentation of all the facts and figures,the data maintained,the articles written,the campaigns held the protests happening,the media coverages,the blogs and vlogs,the speeches given,the documentaries made,the reports presented will all be in vain if we kept on ignoring the things as just another incident. Don’t let the voice of victim be just a scream.
Show concern, Take a stand,make a change, Be the Change.
