On #metoo:

The “#MeToo” moment is a tipping point, as we see it at UN Women. The work that so many women have done all over the world, for so many years, is coming to a head. It is a tipping point also because those women who are powerful, more visible, but also subjected to the same gender inequality and assaults as average and ordinary women, are standing up. And as they are standing up, they are also speaking for other women who are otherwise made invisible. It is important for us that the visible women make the invisible more visible so that this is truly a global issue that addresses women from all walks of life. 
During International Women’s Day, we had here at the United Nations both the actor Rees Witherspoon, and Monica Ramirez from Alianza Nacional de Campesinas. They were talking about how their two organizations have been working together to make sure that the fund they are setting up will make a difference in the lives of farm workers experiencing violence who are in need of legal assistance. 
This is also an important moment because impunity has been the order of the day. Powerful men have been getting away with their actions against women, without having to be accountable. For the first time we are seeing powerful men being held to account. That is important for deterrence. They had become perpetrators or repeat offenders, because they could, and because nothing happened to them. Accountability tells the younger generation and their own peers, that this is not normal, this is not right, and therefore you will be called out. 
It is important that this moment be sustained so that we can also save lives. Because women die as a result of entrenched behaviours of violence against them. We are right now mourning Marielle Franco in Rio, Brazil, who has very recently been killed. She was one of the best activists, feminists, politicians and fighter for women’s rights you could have. This violence against her did not start yesterday, when she was killed. It grew, step by step, with increasing harassment of women like her, which ended in her death. It is therefore important that those who have the platform, use it to fight on behalf of everybody.
