Some of you who didn’t know what happened to me when I was in my early 20s before life got better for me. I was in a crappy relationship for almost 4 years where I was verbally, emotionally, and sometimes physically abused where I cried daily, had panic attacks, suffered from severe depression for almost 3 years. My younger self didn’t make wise decisions on dating men or on other choices. After my ex and I broke up in late 2017 I was fearful of my life, I felt like I was always in danger. Then one day my depression started eating me alive and I looked around for therapy and prayed and prayed to the lord. In late August of 2018 I checked into Bayless Integrated Healthcare and was evaluated and was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder and after talking to and trusting my therapist about talking to him about how I fear for my life and the nightmares I suffer after I broken up with my ex almost 2 years later and on March of 2018 my therapist said not only I have Bipolar Disorder I also suffer from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD). My younger self was not perfect she cried a lot she tried to break the hurtful cycle and be free and she couldn’t until the universe brought one of her friends who helped her. And I thank my best friend Michelle to help me out of that situation of almost 4 years of hell. Ever since then Michelle has been my best friend and now a older sister to me because she has always had my back when I need her most or someone to talk to. When I was struggling she was always there to help me out. We would text in the mornings if I woke up from a severe nightmare of the past and I would tell her and she would remind me that it’s in the past and I am now safe. Now since I started to get better and wiser I am close to graduating therapy. I have such a great team that is my family and friends who have my back. Especially my best friend Michelle who’s been there since the beginning. Thank you every one. Your all awesome.

#enddatingviolence #endabuse #metoo #bipolarawareness #ptsdrecovery #friends #iamnowwise #thankyoueveryone
