My perception: the feminine tends to seek this acceptance from a primary relationship, while the masculine seeks to fill the void with either achievement in their chosen field and/or substance addiction. "Daddy issues" are in no way a strictly father/daughter thing. As I've dated later into my 30's I've met more men still carrying the damage of the traumatic legacy imposed upon them by their fathers and suffering in silence, while the women I know seem to be making progress in healing those wounds. It's very sad to see these men, who have never been taught how to actually BE men in a healthy way, seeking to gain their worth from things that will never succeed in bringing it forth. In my view, healthy masculinity or femininity comes from inner strength, love for self, and I true awareness of one's own inherent value and worth. This is what we should learn from our fathers and yet many (most) of us don't. They cannot teach what they themselves never learned. I wish there was more attention on this because right now I see a great deal of masculine posturing to cover what really is just lack of a strong sense of a grounded identity and a heavily shrouded suffering. Healing can happen. But it does take work. We must learn to embrace the divine mother/father within and become the parent to ourselves that we wished we would have had. It's only in loving ourselves that things will shift. 
#Repost @the.holistic.psychologist
・・・
A lack of love or acceptance from a parent has damaging effects.

The desire for that love doesn’t just go away. We will seek that acceptance in any place we can find it.

The father wound is common. It’s not surprising that our men are carrying decades of generational trauma. Men have been told all sorts of dysfunctional messages about their emotions. And who they’re supposed to be.

Their low self worth and confusion has led to fathers who cannot be available to their children in the way they’re needed.

Father’s Day can be a difficult day for many. It’s my hope that today you remember you are worthy. You can heal from your past.

And most important of all: it was never about you #selfhealer
#fathersday #healing #masculinity #men
