I am not one for drama or childish things but I'll post this and let it serve as a lesson to others who haven't experienced this and as a simple reminder to myself because it is honestly the best example to date of evidence of the importance of being secure in yourself, stoic, red pilled, resilient and educated. .
I was recently befriended by a person, an attractive woman with a large following who showed an interest in me deeper than just a simple friendship. We had some deep interesting discussions about many of the things I have interest in such as health, spirituality, biohacking and things of this nature. Sometimes, more so most of the time when something seems to good to be true it really is because randomly and without provocation just out of nowhere I get called a narcissist, discarded, told off and blocked. 
Now here is the lesson my friends, my brothers. I never was a "nice guy" to this woman nor was I an asshole, I was just sincere and straight up and never really even tried to game her up but the red flags were there and I saw them all . Never invest your emotions and your energy into other people especially women and especially those who seek attention, are capricious and show signs of being damaged (see the youtube video by @coach.red.pill )  do not bank on them being true to you or loyal or even to simply be rational because this is not in their nature. I was called a narcissist because I spoke the truth (she was projecting onto me) and I didn't simp out on her behalf just because she's "hot" and use to that by the thousands of orbiters she has. My friends this goes along with all of the other messages I put forth when I share and speak about red pill, stoicism and accessing inner strength because when the sun goes down all you have is you, don't expect women to make you happy. Don't expect a savior or think you are entitled to anything because at any moment you can be betrayed, abandoned, left, someone has a change of mind or heart etc and then where does that leave you? Heed my warning and as siim Land would say STAY EMPOWERED.
.
#redpill #mgtow #stoicism  #narcisissm #crp #coachredpill #the33secrets #sandman #howarddare #simps #masculinity
